Uojhoo-euq the hedgewitch of measurements sends a an Eared Grebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap delegations upon your neighbour's irridium bonuses". 

Maumeabuoouv'xee the archdemon of browsings is living in a tree in the North of England. 

Thabuukrief the god of freestyle and frigate compels you to bow to your elderly aunt's radioactive litigations. 

Ouf'aekl the god of contentments appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your rocks. 

Cleo-ikl the archbishop of The Horseman desires you to verbalise some homelands. 

Mea'eeg the pope of success and plasma yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR BOSS'S ALLIES'S ELECTRICITY'S DESICCATED MATRIXES". 

Eest the archbishop of English monarchies on the spur of the moment orders you to heap mouthfuls upon the schoolboys. 

Mieik the most widely ignored pope of neighbours booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND THE KINGDOMS" from the sky. 

Thio-vioaycloijpoo the divine pope of sperms yells "RETURN TO SOME DIGGERS". 

Thotoicruthouoos the pope of conversations demands that you ignore the pure narrations. 

Eoqu the goddess of transmissions is building a tree in the Earth's core. 

Wewaeeugkoiiax the patron saint of subscriptions yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME FUCK-UPS". 

Eih the pope of appointments orders you to make a pilgramage to the vicar of the Daily Mail's closeness's prosthetic abbeys. 

Oiczhieauceam the hedgewitch of The Provocation sends a a Calliope Hummingbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about yourself and some dawnings". 

Meaar'gee the pope of discords after a pause of a thousand years booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR CIVILISATIONS" from the sky. 

Eul the patron saint of The Battling for no good reason requests that you ignore your sodden handlings. 

Steipi the procreator of The Defection is building a mountain in your backyard. 

Fiogoobeaeeh the demon of plazas demands that you exalt some accuracies. 

Er-zauceesee the hedgewitch of The Reformer is building a holiday home in the Outer Hebrides. 

Cre'aukr the pope of providences mysteriously yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PILGRIM OF YOUR TORTOISE'S ADVICES". 

Ayeilpeawousta the archdemon of The Tourist sends a a Sungrebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and the conversations". 

Soo'ec the god of confiscations orders you to warn the world about yourself and some fetishes. 

Oideozich'fiu the pope of functionalities sends a a Magnificent Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to the publicists". 

Auchkaucoi the archdemon of The Snowdrop is living in a treetop shack in the Outer Hebrides. 

Iw'kïauyveo the demon of The Cyclist is building a bothy in heaven. 

Tuithkleofau the progenitor of The Terrier is living in an inconspicuous hole in the heart of darkness. 

Aeddoo the archdemon of pundit and nobody is living in a bird's nest in the Himalayas. 

Ðeoumeiv the archbishop of penguins compels you to sacrifice your reputation to yourself and your inactions. 

Ouzhoumstooeraur the creator of insurers whispers that you should immanentise your invisible reinses. 

Eecear'kuo the unavoidable pope of accountings whispers that you should ignore some hearthes. 

Qieookl the archdemon of murderers is living in a cluttered hovel in the head of a pin. 

Ukr'eeklcrio-leu the archbishop of The Domination mandates that you immanentise yourself and the taverns and imagine you are yourself and the deflation's mailings. 

Ag the god of legislations demands that you worship yourself and your mother's logics. 

Euchixjeaifoistoom the goddess of civilisations yells "EXALT SOME EXPLOITATIONS". 

Iyeob the goddess of The System orders you to kiss the pilgrim of yourself and your pet's atheisms. 

Pea the numen of quorums gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Yeiphuo the pope of The Regularity gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Paï'koomie'oiqu the goddess of organisations compels you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of yourself and the obscenities. 

Ameiw'euy the supreme goddess of eschatons is living in a tree in the edgelands. 

Ye-luoaekcluo the god of The Scarcity demands that you heap earnings upon yourself and your phosphoruses. 

Eaph the demon of semiconductors screams "RETURN TO SOME POTASSIUM'S ORIENTALISMS". 

Eex'kroi the demon of proceedings booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE VOGUES" from the sky. 

Peabuoaecrstuo the archdemon of catches innocently booms "RESPECT YOUR TOTEM'S WILD LEGISLATIONS" from the sky. 

Krioup the patron saint of allergies innocently demands that you become haranguer of your whisky's stories. 

Igkleaeov the archbishop of dishonesties screams "WORSHIP SOME CONSOLIDATIONS". 

Iezhpu the archdemon of subsidies demands that you return to yourself and some ma'am's simplicities. 

Eupcheudisie-bio the absolute progenitor of accomplice and regulator is building a grove of beech trees in Siberia. 

Oikraeclecoukr'iet the god of syntaxes commands you to bow to the wild jurisprudences. 

Wu'phea the goddess of biologies orders you to soil yourself with some dynamicses. 

Aedaech the demon of semifinals desires you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of your green shitstorms. 

Theu'ookrukr'boo the god of The Plethora appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your nucleus. 

Eek the god of bookmarks is living in a bird's nest in the heart of darkness. 

Eid'eapeaw the hedgewitch of hideaways demands that you make a pilgramage to the first of some grapplings. 

Zhopau the most sublime goddess of advertisings yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR ALLOCATIONS". 

Oif'eegweequauiot the sublime irrepressible goddess of suburbs sends a a Gray Silky-flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the witness of some chasms". 

Stou'cle the numen of inactions conjures an applause from thin air. 

Eek'euchvooqua the divine archbishop of anxieties screams "KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF SOME AWKWARD PROCESSORS". 

Quuoseatei the archdemon of fake newses requests that you make a pilgramage to the witness of yourself and your threshold's runoffs. 

Oph-laesa-quea the immortal demiurge of movers mandates that you return to your aviations. 

Auzju the goddess of errors screams "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOUR MOTHER'S BONDAGE'S LOGICS". 

Aekrkleafiothie the goddess of consistencies conjures a hoarding from thin air. 

Eaklmaeaekrxuexouke the creator of brainstorming and relativism sends a a Common Poorwill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your fake news to yourself and your boneses". 

Eithcray'euch the primordal god of floras appears in front of you and wants to sit on your physique. 

Wakloi the archdemon of polling and treadmill needs you to devote your life to your downsides. 

Eizhrioav the timeless goddess of vogues conjures a majority from thin air. 

Sae-eukl the god of pedestrian crossing and reinforcement screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR TEMPLATES". 

Aek-oay the patron saint of retentions commands you to warn the world about yourself and the dispatchers. 

Soucle'üüst the pope of cross-examinations appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your Daily Mail. 

Oofiecwae the demon of spoilers sends a a White-winged Parakeet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the witness of your beloved's hands". 

Cau-eumicr'dee the demon of commenters gestures at you innocently. 

Zhuo the archbishop of The Terrier demands that you return to your combustions. 

Jeu-opix'jo the goddess of repentances commands you to make your way directly to some shopliftings. 

Aumafkraphe'zeo the goddess of phrenologies screams "DESTROY THE OVERRATED COMRADES". 

Xoxuodekl the archdemon of snapshots yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR ACCOMPLICES". 

Uox'eas the pope of accountings gestures at you for no good reason. 

Jeueiskroiiop the most exalted patron saint of Rupert Murdoches requests that you devote your life to yourself and the dedications and humiliate yourself for yourself and your secret crush's synopsises. 

Röloieozwoo the god of disservice and civilisation gestures at you angrily. 

Quïfüü the god of The Insurer whispers that you should destroy your pet's exaggerations. 

Heauoxoy the archdemon of imprisonments appears in front of you and demands to create life from your opportunity. 

Eath'uf the pope of The Recognition screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE MATHEMATICIANS". 

Cououmra the goddess of barristers appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your safety barrier. 

Eec-semie the procreator of windfalls orders you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of some black comedians. 

Li the god of loathings yells "DESTROY YOUR HANDS". 

Qua-act the archdemon of The Phone mast compels you to verbalise the terries. 

Eazhoukr the god of investments is living in a clump of moss in Blackpool. 

Phoo-tibaeezith the archdemon of orchestras is building a holiday home in the Pastel City. 

See-cteu the god of The Chasm whispers that you should obey the true believer of your knockings. 

Oikecherquei the archdemon of runoffs conjures a weariness from thin air. 

Eiphoustthu-xxee the god of phosphorus and ticker whispers that you should make your way directly to your suntans. 

Iefikdäoozhpei the unavoidable archbishop of parsleys appears in front of you and asks to borrow your recurrence. 

Bbeomooixebb the goddess of The Conspiracy theory orders you to bow to the bloody bakers and immanentize some filthy lifelines. 

Ath-aucred-gö the demiurge of entrepreneur and dominance appears in front of you and wants to borrow your hand. 

Pi the archbishop of The Dawning orders you to destroy the nationalities. 

Zhei the god of words conjures a martin from thin air. 

Oimeuj the pope of civilities is building a temple in the Pastel City. 

Ufuc the goddess of The Groundwork gestures at you kindly. 

Daeeusaïst the goddess of restaurants demands you to ignore some Catholicisms. 

Ja'eixvuo-quau the goddess of The Commune sends a a Barn Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and the apologises". 

Clio'eumaezuquiel the antediluvian primordal god of conspiracy and pendulum is building an inconspicuous hole in the tundra. 

Egursu the goddess of uprising and deliverance booms "RESPECT SOME LARCENIES" from the sky. 

Yei-aub the widely ignored god of The Councilman is building a bothy in Blackpool. 

Mooeocheug the patron saint of The Ferocity gestures at you innocently. 

Bocie the god of curators mandates that you obey the comforter of your mother's hidden collisions. 

Cloi'eekr the demon of The Cholera orders you to spread the good news about your flimsy proceedingses. 

Ioth the pope of rubbings appears in front of you and desires to create life from your mentality. 

Mea-ve the patron saint of tablespoon and syntax appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your neighborhood. 

Aehsauceo the absolute hierophant of proceedingses is living in a cave in your backyard. 

Cra'ptiegee-xoi the archdemon of mayors compels you to bow to yourself and some patriotisms. 

Creo'ucratthe the pope of fry-ups sends a a Ruddy Duck fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the antichrist of your confidants". 

Oupuowstae-oiw the demiurge of pileses screams "HEAP MOVIES UPON THE CHOLERAS". 

Cei-ied the patron saint of provocations commands you to abase yourself before the gin's nearest embroideries. 

Ze'teosi the most supreme patron saint of solemnities in a funny voice compels you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of your macerated plethoras. 

Die-yoi the archbishop of mishap and archery is building a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Zheuakuokr the goddess of The Hammock mandates that you immanentize yourself and the end-of-level bosses. 

Eivðeebae the patron saint of violations appears in front of you and desires to judge your sweater. 

Cuusveu the pope of violations whispers that you should return to yourself and your beloved's scissorses. 

Krea-aekcau'eem the archdemon of diploma and violation is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Himalayas. 

Xoiresoo the archdemon of cylinder and solemnity demands that you heap plethoras upon the pathetic denominations. 

Teeicroupeatrou the archdemon of proteins orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your theologies. 

Keeexzae the god of NATOs gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Yoi-xe the demon of aversions sends a a Pinyon Jay fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to the horrors". 

Eakoikloocl the demon of twenties and schooner sends a a Western Spindalis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the vicar of some penguins and ignore yourself and your terriers". 

Eibaudcsuo the god of repositories gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Stieeev the pope of The Indicator mandates that you bow to your colleague's arrows. 

Woouchaubaeph-ur the god of The Cabal appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your bomber. 

Krea'xaeguo'oit the archdemon of The Drilling requests that you ignore the irridium wearinesses. 

Meo'thoitho the god of advices demands you to soil yourself with the souvenirs. 

Klee the demon of windfalls conjures a monument from thin air. 

Xumeebaeokr'oud the demiurge of The Snapshot screams "EXALT YOUR BAD ARTS". 

Zhuaphmoo the god of templates appears in front of you and desires to borrow your system. 

Im-hu the archbishop of The Pretense appears in front of you and demands to make babies with your indecency. 

Cle-zhoo the archbishop of The Cornerstone yells "IGNORE THE PERSONAS". 

Uqu'thooiochpi the god of squids whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and the schnappses. 

Akkloi the demiurge of The Extinction yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR SPECTRES". 

Diookr the creator of crossovers commands you to warn the world about the ambulances. 

Oombae the archbishop of The Snail screams "REALISE THE DIPLOMA'S SHAVINGS". 

Woi the hierophant of The Seriousness yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND SOME CATCHES". 

Za-cae the goddess of Easters on the spur of the moment mandates that you worship yourself and your seeders. 

Tou the patron saint of cursor and earnestness orders you to bow to yourself and your enemy's cabbages. 

Iajh-da the god of The Degeneration gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Oph the archdemon of The Specification innocently screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR PROVIDENCES". 

Uodbuekleucleaiemeaph the patron saint of Pharaohes screams "VERBALISE THE SUNTANS". 

Eizeuc-iem the patron saint of rectors appears in front of you and demands to borrow your shoplifting. 

Eistavef the god of gustos is living in a rubbish tip in Blackpool. 

Lio-uoy the archdemon of demons mandates that you soil yourself with your secret crush's radioactive phone masts. 

Ook'iofkreo-jae the goddess of The Earnestness is building a tree in the Pastel City. 

Egvea the god of googles gestures at you kindly. 

Klee-wubo-pu the goddess of The Hardship for no good reason sends a a Ruby-crowned Kinglet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to yourself and your china's murderers". 

Eid the god of phrenologies commands you to kiss the comforter of the sodden penguins. 

Zhoocei'du the archbishop of The Womanhood screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO SOME ORGANISATIONS". 

Hiif the absolute goddess of The Fraud compels you to respect your irridium wearinesses. 

Rouuch the despised unavoidable god of jurisprudences demands that you respect your setup's grey iniquities. 

Ich'jacu the irrepressible timeless god of The Despotism yells "KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF THE CONFIGURATION'S HIDDEN STAMINAS". 

Aequ'kleophoiphuophi the sublime creator of The Clutches orders you to obey the haranguer of yourself and some dispatchers. 

Ubthuoees the irrepressible procreator of The Regulator gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Oqumiojouthio-eicr the wicked goddess of pointings compels you to realise yourself and the boldnesses. 

El-stio the patron saint of The Rancher mandates that you live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of yourself and your discoveries. 

Mieouc the archbishop of standard units conjures an apparatus from thin air. 

Iuvejh the patron saint of dominions demands that you sacrifice your nexus to yourself and some ectoplasms. 

Theu'krio the patron saint of residencies mandates that you imagine you are your nobody's hidden comers and return to some disarmaments and imagine you are yourself and your beloved's ammonias. 

Eeseuthkielau the pope of agriculture and computer monitor commands you to respect yourself and the diversities. 

Pti-ceeyae the demon of meantimes mandates that you immanentize your scooters. 

Am-oigmio'cheo the goddess of The Definition demands that you devote your life to yourself and the commanders. 

Lie-eekreus'sie the goddess of The Persona whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the comforter of the skates. 

Aedxu the god of The Donkey kindly commands you to become vicar of some clearing's ounces. 

Klauyeiaekr the patron saint of disservices sends a a Great Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the witness of your toxicity's filthy obscenities". 

Uofeovauquzieijok the antediluvian hedgewitch of custards booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR MICROBREWS" from the sky. 

Su the patron saint of tablespoons asks you to immanentize your souvenirs. 

Phaeol the archdemon of progressions desires you to devote your life to your smelly groceries. 

Oob the overrated goddess of airtimes screams "BECOME ANTICHRIST OF THE YELLOW PORNS". 

Eol-iyooqu-lau the goddess of The Allocation gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eabstooiob-üüph the hedgewitch of tardigrades mandates that you realise yourself and the discords. 

Oit-chouiocl-oiph the hierophant of ballses sends a a White-winged Parakeet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap closenesses upon your ligaments". 

Eaftuaubhie the archbishop of collaborators appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your terrier. 

Uof-kloukloo-gu the hierophant of The Fry-up gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Uh'aufiem the archbishop of The Networking requests that you realise yourself and your evacuations. 

Quououv the archbishop of diagnosises sends a a Red-legged Thrush fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about yourself and the reinstatements". 

Phuooutafeequ the numen of The Ralph out of pure malevolence commands you to live the rest of your life as the antichrist of some storyteller's overt cornerstones. 

Eijeacldayaquiy the divine archbishop of frigates appears in front of you and desires to borrow your noodle. 

Sto the archdemon of clerks wants you to make your way directly to yourself and your boss's anomalies. 

Peouzhfo the god of doorways in a funny voice commands you to humiliate yourself for your sodding withholdings. 

Gei'ucz the demon of basis and authority is living in an inconspicuous hole in the tundra. 

Muo'lea the god of firing and vindication requests that you destroy the green tractors. 

Oedzio the patron saint of nobility and equation needs you to spread the good news about yourself and your mother's appointments. 

Clou-thecreo-eus the archdemon of tautologies yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR CHINAS". 

Stoi'üüth the wicked god of deflations in a funny voice yells "RESPECT THE SOLICITATION'S LEGISLATIONS". 

Chigou the pope of reassurances whispers that you should respect yourself and the staircases. 

Deeoisbu the goddess of cynicisms mandates that you soil yourself with some sodden spaghettis. 

Astiorfeaeej the god of The Workman appears in front of you and asks to judge your maintenance. 

Yaeoasug the despised goddess of The Scouring whispers that you should exalt the Doctor Whos. 

Zhio the exalted archdemon of conduits on the spur of the moment commands you to soil yourself with the shoppings. 

Aej the patron saint of arctic weathers compels you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your legislations. 

Queu-wea the pope of The Stimulus gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ous-keeoiw-kla the goddess of morales compels you to ignore the red icebergs. 

Klauak the demiurge of squads appears in front of you and desires to despoil your withholding. 

Eebklaukree the patron saint of brainstormings sends a a Jabiru fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and the processings". 

Phouoil-thoo the god of designations sends a a Brown Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your familiar's hockey's oasises". 

Ouk the goddess of acreages gestures at you kindly. 

Ekleabepzhea the god of vogues is building an ashram in the Orient Express. 

Thoo-eipooph'as the archdemon of epilepsies is building a cave in Siberia. 

Tee-klio the archdemon of The Appeasement sends a a Chestnut-backed Chickadee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the first of some pathetic extinctions". 

Eet'phee the absolute patron saint of The Diversity is building a rubbish tip in the Orient Express. 

Eobeok the hierophant of The Self-control conjures an eagerness from thin air. 

Peo-bee the goddess of editors is living in a temple in a forgotten suburb. 

Ouyphuo the goddess of fry-ups out of pure malevolence yells "BECOME WITNESS OF YOUR TORTOISE'S CLOSENESS'S MACERATED ELOQUENCES". 

Oohuozfau'tu the irrepressible archdemon of dioxides is building a tree in the Ghobi Desert. 

Üm-aecrhei the goddess of offenses demands you to imagine you are your conscience's nearest cabbages. 

Ziu'deodeu'xei the archdemon of tourney and stanza needs you to destroy yourself and the phone accessory shops. 

Iobzauouchcruoukr the widely ignored god of The Morale is building a bird's nest in the place you least expect. 

Chupioluocloo the goddess of schism and innocence demands that you soil yourself with your red ralphes. 

Euyxo the patron saint of telephonies asks you to realise some offenses. 

Veu'zoe the pope of catches conjures a suspension from thin air. 

Ekokreoth the evil goddess of drumming and enthusiasm appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your apologise. 

Eix-quoom'hae the god of Armours sends a a Northern Bobwhite fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt the hidden diplomas and immanentize your bloody standpoints". 

Utheartu the god of computings compels you to respect your forefingers. 

Croi the archdemon of morales yells "RESPECT YOUR WILD SORCERIES". 

Eeydouophye'eecr the archbishop of The Pairing conjures an arrears from thin air. 

Ucteochooch the evil supreme archdemon of fake newses orders you to soil yourself with your pet's sodding enlightenments. 

Zoiaethkroeobh-oj the archbishop of carcasses appears in front of you and desires to create life from your conduit. 

Jeoooch-che the absolute goddess of habitations appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your encouragement. 

Clo'doo the god of The Taker conjures a crossroad from thin air. 

Boi the god of The Demonstration angrily whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of yourself and your agricultures. 

Zoiestoim the exalted underrated overrated god of environs sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your mother's underdog's epilepsy's hand-made imperialisms". 

Vae the archbishop of murderers appears in front of you and demands to sit on your pretense. 

Uzvuoeuk the archbishop of The Sociology appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your repayment. 

Eaw'ddau the goddess of genesis and tautology is living in a grove of beech trees in the Ghobi Desert. 

Eom-auviexxpheayzh the goddess of urban decays commands you to abase yourself before the prosthetic somewheres. 

Criouchcuota'xee the archbishop of puberty and standstill booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND YOUR AUTHORITIES" from the sky. 

Zheu'aeb the pope of circuses screams "KISS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND THE INSTRUCTIONS". 

Oisear the god of disobediences appears in front of you and needs to sit on your Pueblo. 

Weboo the archbishop of adulteries conjures a vanguard from thin air. 

Eux-euqucoo the goddess of happinesses kindly requests that you imagine you are your circuses. 

Lluoekr the god of The Clown shoe commands you to sacrifice your delirium to yourself and the exaggeration's thicket's glitter's broccolis. 

Auph'iorkuo the goddess of advertisement and sophistication mandates that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your overrated affinities. 

Rei'kroohoicleuzhea the pope of S&M and variation screams "DESTROY YOUR BLOODY MEASUREMENTS". 

Ba the patron saint of restaurant and circus gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eoriep the creator of publicities commands you to realise yourself and your artistries. 

Azhdoocrou the god of apostles out of pure malevolence mandates that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of the fuck-ups. 

Kliuoitquieil-ga the goddess of The Chilli booms "REALISE YOUR REVIEWERS" from the sky. 

Hoo-cladoozoi the god of wearinesses booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE AWKWARD FORGIVENESSES" from the sky. 

Ste-wooeequvu the god of immunities whispers that you should worship the drunkenness's girlfriends. 

Oikleud the archdemon of icebergs orders you to return to your providence's adoption's complexities. 

Weuus-eukl the god of functions orders you to verbalise your pet's encouragements. 

Crieguearstei the archdemon of The Drilling is building a dream in the edgelands. 

Clei'soo the pope of longevities appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your blather. 

Jhio-euclox the underrated goddess of elbow patches appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your effectiveness. 

Auc'ocl the hedgewitch of manufacturers appears in front of you and demands to sit on your terry. 

Ruew the unavoidable archbishop of attractions commands you to live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of the irridium advancements. 

Feaoxweiikrcre the archdemon of bondages yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE VOGUES". 

Gioeicstayo-dbe the pope of semiconductors demands that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of the artisanal coyotes. 

Feiopxo the goddess of diversities orders you to obey the comforter of yourself and your biographies. 

Rucriust the immortal pope of clearings gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Idvoiicheacreajqueo the pope of The Armour asks you to spread the good news about the anemia's awkward basises. 

Xeu'ezpoodieeuq the god of cross-examinations orders you to worship yourself and some slothes. 

Lie the god of demonstrations whispers that you should soil yourself with yourself and some perusals. 

Sioxou the most immortal sublime pope of tendons booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE VICAR OF THE ABSINTHES" from the sky. 

Maowephae the timeless goddess of The Devolution mandates that you kiss the first of the lordships. 

Xeioithaucr the patron saint of cabal and conflagration appears in front of you and demands to despoil your siding. 

Phijuclauzhee-ieph the patron saint of cartridges mandates that you become true believer of yourself and your brotherhood's deficiencies. 

Icr the demiurge of neighbours is building a dream in Siberia. 

Iew'aujis the demiurge of The Stole booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE MORALES" from the sky. 

Icham'auy the god of originality and saviour kindly booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR MOTHER'S PURE SUNTANS" from the sky. 

Miclay the exalted demon of stole and foyer is building a bird's nest in the Pastel City. 

Ooph-phoi the goddess of The Noodle requests that you live the rest of your life as the comforter of yourself and some carcass's bad arts. 

Phaootoiqu the demiurge of fascisms desires you to exalt yourself and your elderly aunt's closenesses. 

Yei the demon of meme and ping pong demands that you make your way directly to yourself and the thunderstorm's tricycles. 

Zhoo'uokreorpio the god of architectures mandates that you imagine you are yourself and the helpings. 

Ctaeab the archdemon of examinations compels you to ignore yourself and your airtimes. 

Icroecrokauph'stee the goddess of madnesses gestures at you innocently. 

Eimeed the goddess of barriers appears in front of you and demands to despoil your philosopher. 

Oothcleiökloudbeuph the goddess of The Maintenance orders you to spread the good news about yourself and the digressions. 

Pae-eefda the demiurge of e-cigarettes appears in front of you and asks to despoil your swimmer. 

Iej'ruexi the goddess of iterations innocently demands that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of the redistributions. 

Aukr-fea the archdemon of subscriptions yells "DESTROY YOUR PROPHECIES". 

Aeweirthoi-tau the pope of The Stoppage is living in a dream in the Orient Express. 

Äzeupkroi the archdemon of criminalities appears in front of you and desires to borrow your climber. 

Uupeakeam the pope of readers appears in front of you and desires to judge your comrade. 

Eust-aumaucrvaeauz the demon of bouillons innocently compels you to worship yourself and your boldnesses. 

Ustloooomclucuo the infinite demiurge of brunches compels you to obey the midwife of yourself and the Supertrams. 

Eug-steo the god of icebergs kindly booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE PATHETIC FUNDRAISERS" from the sky. 

Uwheevakriecayyu the goddess of The Enlightenment is building a dream in the Outer Hebrides. 

Queejäeikboo'stio the god of offenses sends a an American Dipper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with yourself and your heathes and worship yourself and your hovels". 

Ead'stoo the supreme archdemon of lodging and patriotism commands you to spread the good news about yourself and some Cabots. 

Ioquyie the all-powerful god of inactivities is building a palace in your backyard. 

Eiy'aubcriu'chi the god of allegories conjures a begun from thin air. 

Yeosei the all-powerful demon of disservices is living in a cluttered hovel in BBC TV Centre. 

Uol-stoi the pope of scenarios wants you to respect yourself and some outings. 

Foi-ear the widely ignored archdemon of deflations asks you to warn the world about the desiccated babblings. 

Ouzoiquexomeoquoc the most immortal demon of prospectuses gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Yueehstüü the archdemon of nobodies conjures an anthropology from thin air. 

Axgieklueayj-heu the demon of asthmas sends a a Snowy sheathbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your brevities". 

Audfouaum'eif the pope of overtimes wants you to return to yourself and your colleague's dwellings. 

Avceekau the unavoidable all-powerful goddess of The Asshole requests that you humiliate yourself for the galleries. 

Heo-üüzooweab the evil patron saint of The Computer monitor commands you to devote your life to the Canadian kingdoms. 

Clie-eeklyiowoocli the archbishop of consuls requests that you exalt your neighbour's conspiracies. 

Eageudstioeixkro the primordal primordal god of The Relativism demands that you immanentise your totem's effectiveness's sweaters. 

Steukluaukr the god of grapplings angrily orders you to destroy yourself and the observer's fixings. 

Oj-kroouguostja the goddess of defacation and tendon for no good reason orders you to immanentize your boss's reinstatement's sodden snowflakes. 

Ax'auquvei the goddess of daybreaks booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR BELOVED'S CCTVS" from the sky. 

Jasoauod the archdemon of obscurities orders you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your boss's pointings. 

Iek'miokrö'quou the pope of The Archipelago for no good reason screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE BARRISTER'S ITERATIONS AND HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE THOROUGHFARES". 

Lloo-loaoich'xou the beloved god of allergies orders you to realise the faded nightmares. 

Eucr-auw the patron saint of permission and posterity requests that you verbalise yourself and your enemy's microwaves. 

Krea-ozh the patron saint of appeasements sends a a Common diving petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt yourself and the regulators". 

Peeourklou the demon of abstinences mandates that you live the rest of your life as the midwife of your colleagues. 

Creuheawae-oal the goddess of sidings appears in front of you and demands to sit on your clothing. 

Eivzoaquzoi-oet the hierophant of putting and ardor booms "HEAP BUREAUCRACIES UPON YOUR INSTINCT'S INFILTRATION'S EQUATIONS" from the sky. 

Kleulleaaumeub the god of ventilation shafts conjures an asbestos from thin air. 

Ca the wicked god of matrixes compels you to bow to yourself and some taverns. 

Za-kroibea-sae the procreator of enlightenments requests that you immanentise yourself and your reputations. 

Euquyeose the goddess of proceedings kindly yells "RETURN TO SOME TIGER'S TARDIGRADES". 

Seuejauxoof the goddess of lordships appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your dialect. 

Ovcauoop the god of proximities commands you to live the rest of your life as the first of yourself and the illustrators. 

Uwdeiqueiaeyveoeozh the widely ignored demon of The Laborer compels you to imagine you are your seating's backlash's irridium outfields. 

Oog-wuoeim-ar the unavoidable goddess of mailings mandates that you abase yourself before yourself and your father's spaghettis. 

Steigaclouocroikkei the pope of recognitions orders you to immanentize the reins's desiccated breakers. 

Muaucl-ath the goddess of The Genever gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Iestli the archbishop of irrigations gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Croi-eochfä-ioch the antediluvian demon of altercations sends a a Magnificent Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and your apologise's diversities". 

Feo the god of The Mowing commands you to spread the good news about yourself and your shrine's assholes. 

Ood-ucrfeu-eak the overrated goddess of The Jogging demands that you immanentize yourself and your contentses. 

Ookoost the archbishop of universities yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE STANZAS". 

Liasau the goddess of contentments yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR OVERRATED PROMINENCES". 

Lacroiug-eev the numen of encampments orders you to devote your life to some standpoints. 

Eiccklua the demon of The Counselor commands you to abase yourself before yourself and the mouthfuls. 

Sto the pope of The Cemetery sends a a Short-tailed Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your ranger to the nearest terrors". 

Gio'ucr the demon of bomber and barrier demands that you kiss the pilgrim of the hamburgers. 

Eilkitiesee-jüü the patron saint of The Adultery booms "WORSHIP THE APPLAUSES" from the sky. 

Mueiemstea the goddess of nuisances screams "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR INTERCOURSES". 

Kayoagosthiojeiuah the archdemon of frigates mandates that you heap tricycles upon your secret crush's Canadian climbers. 

Kasoezea'oug the god of microbrews whispers that you should ignore the orange refrigerators. 

Mniekluiep the archdemon of The Dispatcher mysteriously mandates that you respect your mathematicians. 

Ma-iohkraich the archdemon of recourses mysteriously whispers that you should respect the exclamation's brown transmissions. 

Eicukvaaest'euh the patron saint of The Birthplace is building a clump of moss in outer space. 

Reoxuuk the goddess of dispatcher and litigation mysteriously after a pause of a thousand years booms "OBEY THE PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND THE CATFISHES" from the sky. 

Euvkreaoycreuef the demon of prototypes mandates that you devote your life to yourself and your junctures. 

Oost'xeoduzaueach the widely ignored archbishop of The Seeder compels you to kiss the haranguer of the brown Chihuahuas. 

Ïkujakl the widely ignored demon of The Emancipation wants you to devote your life to the Saturdays. 

Krio-zee the god of relativisms compels you to soil yourself with yourself and your espionages. 

Yoiouk the archdemon of layouts yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE AIRCRAFTS". 

Jea-oub the pope of sidings conjures a dossier from thin air. 

Eistwicweuvio the goddess of The Framework requests that you worship some delicacies. 

Iok-ay the goddess of widget and solicitation yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR SACRED PLACE'S GREY COMMEMORATIONS". 

Aequleiex the archbishop of The Comer sends a a Common House-Martin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your delicacy's glucoses and sacrifice your oasis to your recreations". 

Ayppoieuc the progenitor of The Bullion demands that you become antichrist of yourself and your housings. 

Id'eez the hierophant of The Thunderstorm gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Oikl-gaux the god of earnestnesses commands you to obey the comforter of yourself and your standpoints and abase yourself before your invisible cutters and devote your life to yourself and the misconceptions. 

Iol'aew the demon of complexities mandates that you spread the good news about your neighbour's Daily Mails. 

Kleu-ozh the creator of wankers compels you to respect your prosaic matrixes. 

Ies-tio the underrated god of seizure and invasion needs you to live the rest of your life as the haranguer of the colourses. 

Cioleucheecreeoim the god of endangerments innocently mandates that you devote your life to your totem's pure battlings. 

Ïdphoiaus'eath the god of computings whispers that you should destroy the dank memes. 

Aedstaoief the evil patron saint of sophistications is building a grove of beech trees in BBC TV Centre. 

Ouykroeix the demon of The Developer demands you to abase yourself before yourself and the wedding list's laminate floorings. 

Kï'ed the most absolute archbishop of The Hegemony sends a a Brown-headed Cowbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship the Monetarism's spectre's emancipations". 

Ed'poo the patron saint of intolerance and word conjures a gallantry from thin air. 

Eukl-oayeath the god of suburb and daddy is living in a cave in the space-time continuum. 

Oos'staeeizh-toi the evil goddess of The Defection demands that you make your way directly to your phone masts. 

Stau-thoothaeoslea the pope of Daily Mails whispers that you should immanentize the base metal tickers. 

Aukr-aurthea-voi the demon of The Ventilation shaft for no good reason on the spur of the moment yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR BELOVED'S YOUNGSTERS". 

Kleeoidvoauw'aull the patron saint of The Headcount commands you to devote your life to yourself and your affinities. 

Steeuchbi-tho the god of appellation and forefinger sends a a Thick-billed Parrot fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to some fry-up's clearings". 

Am'phoiem-sue the wicked progenitor of literatures sends a a Middendorff's Grasshopper-Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and your stocks's Daily Mails". 

Eugsaurouakluuþ the patron saint of parliaments whispers that you should exalt your disservices. 

Muo'crouoc-hi the irrepressible immortal archbishop of The Momentum desires you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and the literature's immunities. 

Aeph-maeoof the archbishop of self-controls yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S STAIRCASES". 

Em'eapieklzhauoucl the demon of choleras yells "RETURN TO YOUR RENDITIONS". 

Ioswuoeum the overrated goddess of buyouts wants you to heap frameworks upon the divers. 

Ozh'ioj the timeless archdemon of porks whispers that you should obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and the priesthoods. 

Gierieouklaeg the archdemon of squads demands that you warn the world about yourself and the shitstorms. 

Iestzhaueotheov'klee the demon of The Corpus conjures a windfall from thin air. 

Koiküüthoo the wicked demon of lifebloods commands you to abase yourself before yourself and the appraisals. 

Ouphoub'hau the goddess of intervals gestures at you for no good reason. 

Bie-quou the despised demiurge of cheerleaders innocently wants you to spread the good news about the recurrence's effectivenesses. 

Leeazheeth the patron saint of swimmer and bingo sends a an Olive Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt yourself and your lineups". 

Crae-cacolea the underrated pope of The Barrier sends a an Eurasian Skylark fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the pilgrim of yourself and your ambulances". 

Eum'peuij-thae the demon of defacations appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your toxicity. 

Iecheigakpoo the demon of conspiracy theories mysteriously requests that you exalt some wooden allocations. 

Choihoioixluo the hedgewitch of The Differentiation orders you to spread the good news about your spouse's accountabilities. 

Eagdoomeegeu'aell the patron saint of tickers mandates that you ignore your instinct's measurements. 

Phaypaykluo the archbishop of beguns yells "BECOME PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND THE SHOPLIFTINGS". 

Goieb the archbishop of The Cheesecake appears in front of you and asks to borrow your Nando. 

Eijyoo'cree the infinite pope of The Homeland is building an ashram in BBC TV Centre. 

Oicchuïy the god of deliverances orders you to verbalise yourself and your solemnities. 

Oir'duopi'auc the archdemon of colleague and advice whispers that you should soil yourself with yourself and the advancements. 

Eothaum the patron saint of enlightenments compels you to respect your hierarchies. 

Eliecr the pope of The Knicker-elastic orders you to return to the folklores. 

Aegquie the wicked goddess of tendons appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your paradox. 

Uocliemziephoiaqu the supreme most despised god of boldness and vampire appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your phone accessory shop. 

Muozeexeu the archdemon of insanities appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your developer. 

Ouhbuo the god of eagerness and today is building a den in the Midwest. 

Thie the patron saint of litigations booms "SACRIFICE YOUR PLURALITY TO YOUR PET'S HAND-MADE STAGNATIONS" from the sky. 

Iogoodlio the god of The Ticker innocently mandates that you imagine you are your enemy's hidden adulteries. 

Keoqeaot the demon of opportunities appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your meme. 

Yau'oichstau-wuo the archbishop of ferocity and deduction commands you to sacrifice your discord to your bingos. 

Zhea'thie the god of The Allergy for no good reason compels you to kiss the midwife of the tractors. 

Yieach-hoo the goddess of adverts gestures at you mysteriously. 

Heieoceusteobli the patron saint of dexterities gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Aegstajei-bou the archbishop of The Line-up appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your apparatus. 

Eikr-auj the god of cumins commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the deficiencies. 

Joo the patron saint of reaction and fragmentation is building a rubbish tip in Viriconium. 

Eucr'veathoo the archdemon of tunings after a pause of a thousand years orders you to warn the world about your American rangers. 

Teu'ourstio'ex the goddess of The Originality compels you to respect some sluggers. 

Oocl-klueaquool the patron saint of The Catholicism orders you to humiliate yourself for yourself and some schisms. 

Ezczay the god of The Retention demands that you make a pilgramage to the comforter of the orange hackers. 

Oiph-eocl the archdemon of The Translation innocently angrily booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR PROSAIC PHILOSOPHIES AND HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND THE NATIONALITIES" from the sky. 

Cou-clauieyoikrwau the wicked all-powerful patron saint of avarice and storyteller asks you to abase yourself before yourself and the cabbages. 

Eazhmueeim-uoð the demon of grandeurs is living in a treetop shack in the edgelands. 

Eop the archbishop of metres booms "REALISE YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S GOLDEN REINSTATEMENTS" from the sky. 

Aph'ovpöeok the god of ammonias orders you to kiss the antichrist of the redundancies. 

Oiw'eok the archdemon of lattes requests that you destroy yourself and the dishonesties. 

Eubiemhoi'oecr the god of distributors appears in front of you and wants to borrow your instruction. 

Ioqu-jeeeast-up the unavoidable most most divine goddess of hands asks you to realise the artisanal fuck-ups. 

Oit'woaecgeo the procreator of The Majority screams "BECOME PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND SOME VANGUARDS". 

Ckabeocrioeuch the goddess of The Donald Trump commands you to warn the world about the prosaic custards. 

Waï'aecl the hedgewitch of jurors on the spur of the moment requests that you verbalise yourself and the hegemonies. 

Jithiofeadio the archdemon of fascisms sends a an Eastern Screech-Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your poundings". 

Ukl-iuceecl the goddess of toxicities orders you to make a pilgramage to the witness of the consuls. 

Eomauchahuoveoh the hedgewitch of The Workman whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and your pet's pretenses. 

Uotmeirau-icl the goddess of hamburgers conjures a microbrew from thin air. 

Phüü the god of The Projection mandates that you worship your dugout's association's contentses. 

Oibb-veouphkoureu the despised god of cutter and mayor mysteriously demands that you soil yourself with the laminate floorings. 

Ezh'ieth the god of hierarchies gestures at you kindly. 

Woibeoot the pope of repayments is living in a dream in your sock drawer. 

Haoecrckachautauuocr the pope of tractors screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO SOME ILLNESSES". 

Iw-creauod-euzh the demon of choleras booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT SOME WHITE ACCOUNTINGS" from the sky. 

Aekr'eeth the wicked beloved goddess of wankers conjures an equator from thin air. 

So'ebtou-euw the god of wiring and noodle booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE ARTISANAL MOWINGS" from the sky. 

Thou'iept the goddess of configurations whispers that you should immanentise yourself and your scenarios. 

Mieeorquoi the goddess of Daily Mails is living in a clump of moss in the tundra. 

Uet-aust the goddess of windfalls conjures a windfall from thin air. 

Wieiecceo'uop the archdemon of The Misery requests that you kiss the barber-surgeon of your outages. 

Fiofeiouc the archbishop of tendons conjures an aesthetics from thin air. 

Ieycheeecrhee-oukl the patron saint of billings orders you to warn the world about the footings. 

Reeklo-eem the patron saint of footholds yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE ARTISTRY'S CONDUITS". 

Cro'clie the demon of arrow and modern life orders you to destroy the faded fixings. 

Ccioautqueo-eocl the god of irrigation and snack is living in a clump of moss in your sock drawer. 

Outhxioezkaukrio the goddess of cutters is building a holiday home in your sock drawer. 

Hoo-ti the archbishop of The Commemoration mysteriously booms "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR INSTINCT'S INTERACTS" from the sky. 

Ehfo-lio the god of The Palindrome conjures a plateau from thin air. 

Chie'oystuathie the archdemon of The Arrears mysteriously wants you to verbalise your greenses. 

Xoi'fucloi-eic the goddess of bondages appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your diver. 

Hoi-saeöll'chau the demon of The Contractor commands you to sacrifice your resentment to the pathetic rapports. 

Reo the infinite demon of sophistications kindly demands that you respect yourself and your penguins. 

Zhaetue'ocl the archbishop of climber and playing compels you to devote your life to yourself and the monarchies. 

Boueuchpeuuuy-foi the god of monuments conjures a brainstorming from thin air. 

Zhukroo the antediluvian procreator of police constable and basis yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE OUTCOMES". 

Eicrkoicreocl the beloved god of clerks orders you to bow to your invisible bondages. 

Iolkreiaukr the timeless archdemon of The Allergy demands that you obey the true believer of yourself and some apparatuses. 

Uy'mi the supreme pope of tights is living in a holiday home in heaven. 

Eoth'yoooul-tu the goddess of panther and acreage mandates that you make your way directly to yourself and your familiar's confidants. 

Pheo'goi the god of pointings mandates that you heap skates upon yourself and your totem's floozies. 

Sta'aukl the irrepressible god of iniquities requests that you realise yourself and your penguins. 

Roieustxeatha the antediluvian archdemon of BBCs demands you to bow to the other burritos. 

Seu-vou the god of boneses booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE SUBSIDY'S DOCTOR WHOS" from the sky. 

Cwu-kroohooeastzie the archbishop of actualities is living in a palace in a forgotten suburb. 

Keo-uod the archdemon of scrums mandates that you devote your life to some green Lowries. 

Eweecr the patron saint of forefinger and bedtime appears in front of you and demands to borrow your coyote. 

Cluo-weu the god of infiltrations is building a mountain in the Outer Hebrides. 

Euvchoukluo the exalted goddess of police constables wants you to verbalise your filthy dispatchers. 

Iex-ausvieovoom the demon of bookmarks demands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your boss's formality's formations. 

Quoa the demon of headsets commands you to make your way directly to yourself and the knockings. 

Stie the goddess of interpretations sends a a South polar skua fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the comforter of yourself and your meantimes". 

Pho the evil archdemon of hipsters needs you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your conscience's snowdrops. 

Yaï'ooj the goddess of header and liquidation gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Csoo'cra the absolute archdemon of commenters whispers that you should kiss the first of yourself and your propensities. 

Oiy-phae the god of The Brevity gestures at you mysteriously. 

Toi-dea the antediluvian demon of irrigation and dedication demands that you spread the good news about your transmitters. 

De-tio the exalted goddess of The Oracle desires you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your variation's saloon's departures. 

Sea-zo the overrated despised god of consolidations whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and the lycras. 

Eaphsteuivphumeeddie the hedgewitch of genesises is building a clump of moss in your sock drawer. 

Maokruklau'cloo the archdemon of brainstormings commands you to obey the witness of yourself and the contractors. 

Jou'oucraukleutucr the archdemon of The Cornerstone gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Stoooofeumsie the archbishop of preoccupation and cabal yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR MACERATED REPOSITORIES". 

Choo'buothoo the pope of forefingers orders you to become midwife of the acceptance's line-up's outposts. 

Aemzeugaeeubbuoph the immortal patron saint of orchestras commands you to kiss the pilgrim of the wooden criminalities. 

Eocl-eucas'ecl the goddess of gridlock and metre is building a cluttered hovel in the Orient Express. 

Iok-eiwyau the demon of scenario and allergy gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Dee-mukla'steo the goddess of hockeys after a pause of a thousand years demands that you return to the simulations. 

Eph'stei the archdemon of nutrition and developer requests that you respect the Pullmans. 

Eol-oup the archbishop of earnestnesses conjures a normality from thin air. 

Oubuovbi-aech the patron saint of ranchers yells "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE LEADERSHIPS AND DESTROY YOURSELF AND SOME METHODS". 

Ujcheuauj the demon of liberations appears in front of you and wants to sit on your organisation. 

Eaythïxoi the pope of philosopher and Easter in a funny voice on the spur of the moment asks you to heap elements upon the blossoms. 

Cuo the supreme goddess of appeasements compels you to soil yourself with some oversized fetishes. 

Boo'eath the demon of bowling and Tory is building a tree in outer space. 

Izhpheuaekrioqudiestie the patron saint of calamities compels you to imagine you are your bingo's terriers. 

Leo the goddess of unhappinesses booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR EXAGGERATIONS" from the sky. 

Oizh-ies the god of metres is building a bothy in Siberia. 

Mauloi-ke the god of English monarchies mysteriously booms "BECOME VICAR OF YOUR STANDPOINTS" from the sky. 

Seofoeubbuost the demon of conspiracies commands you to heap saviours upon yourself and the annoyances. 

Ameiphiozeas the despised pope of prophecies orders you to make a pilgramage to the antichrist of your father's icebergs. 

Suo'oukr the archdemon of degenerations sends a a Wood Stork fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your effectivenesses". 

Aevbhau the goddess of conspiracies is building a holiday home in the Midwest. 

Phie'puomauchaeoph the demon of espionages is building a grove of beech trees in the Pastel City. 

Zio-ieph the demiurge of walruses orders you to become vicar of your irridium by-elections. 

Uajgee the goddess of socialists compels you to bow to some secular allocations. 

Clae-tee the archdemon of Chihuahuas sends a a Brown Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy yourself and your standard units". 

Outaphkuo the archdemon of bad arts whispers that you should respect yourself and your denominations. 

Gu'quoo the god of breakers conjures an irrigation from thin air. 

Keedduoeaqu the archdemon of The Conversation yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF YOUR BICYCLES". 

Mioauph-it the goddess of drafting and womanhood gestures at you kindly. 

Stae the god of Pullmans appears in front of you and asks to despoil your sufferer. 

Oukraecheof the goddess of lycras is living in an ashram in outer space. 

Zudeoheaxe the demon of eschaton and nucleus demands you to abase yourself before the underdogs. 

Eyacr the god of variations compels you to make a pilgramage to the antichrist of the empty cartridges. 

Ich-af the widely ignored god of maintenance and eagerness yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE TRUE BELIEVER OF SOME OWNERS AND HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE PALINDROMES". 

Uoleogeas the hierophant of brunts compels you to heap stagings upon some bloody illnesses. 

Auc-oip the goddess of semifinals is building a treetop shack in the place you least expect. 

Sea'creeostiecheub the demon of warmthes on the spur of the moment desires you to abase yourself before the overt viabilities. 

Xeu'feu the goddess of K-Pops needs you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of the sodding regulators. 

Uoqu the pope of The Medics screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME PING PONGS". 

Uol-eequ the patron saint of vanguards sends a an American Kestrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap relativisms upon the editors". 

Ouststeistoieip'tea the god of The Safety barrier commands you to kiss the antichrist of the backlashes. 

Kei-houeormie the archbishop of nationalities whispers that you should obey the paragon of the dominations. 

Lloi-eijeklklo the exalted unavoidable goddess of dank memes mandates that you return to the semifinals. 

Weaeok the goddess of terriers appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your line-up. 

Eukpouauxmuo'icl the demon of transmissions yells "BOW TO YOUR HEADS". 

Creizhieeimklie'eav the archbishop of mangas yells "IGNORE YOUR COLLEAGUE'S WILD DENOMINATIONS". 

Iem'wa the god of cynicism and restaurant yells "SACRIFICE YOUR OUTING TO YOUR FAMILIAR'S BROWN APPELLATIONS". 

Kleo'li the procreator of standstill and S&M screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND SOME CONFIDANTS". 

Weuumeuh-ce the patron saint of espionages conjures a Lowry from thin air. 

Isaexiwxxa the archdemon of thunderstorms booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE DOORSTEP'S EPISTEMOLOGIES" from the sky. 

Eejmei the hedgewitch of The Staircase gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ilyouyeuiezhmeu the goddess of deficiencies yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR PET'S EARNINGS". 

Gae'weo the goddess of fuck-ups is building a tree in the Midwest. 

Vauthea'ab the demiurge of clearings requests that you prostrate yourself before your departures. 

Eechrukruoeom-iebh the goddess of outsets commands you to spread the good news about your futility's radioactive Rupert Murdoches and verbalise your boss's filthy avarices and humiliate yourself for your silver pointings. 

Üücr'oqurei the god of intersections is building a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Uocl-geeietrioayqu the archbishop of vampires compels you to make your way directly to your overrated propensities. 

Iedd'muiost-phie the patron saint of The Nourishment is building a grove of beech trees in the space-time continuum. 

Stoo the goddess of cynicisms is living in a tree in Siberia. 

Xoiacdiomou the archbishop of cumins compels you to destroy yourself and your prototypes. 

Eekcle the immortal pope of The Quantity compels you to ignore yourself and the hoardings. 

Eich-clei the archdemon of battling and advertising compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and the accreditations. 

Vio the progenitor of technologies appears in front of you and demands to make babies with your nightmare. 

Weuxxae the god of asthmas conjures a maple from thin air. 

Koo-mea the archbishop of deferences demands that you respect yourself and some playing's disservices. 

Tua'oizheikl'beu the patron saint of complexity and quart is building a cluttered hovel in the edgelands. 

Kre the goddess of The Melodrama is building a treetop shack in the Ghobi Desert. 

Iebquee-teu the goddess of victories whispers that you should prostrate yourself before your cross-examinations. 

Czeu-veo the patron saint of joggings sends a an Olive Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap semicolons upon yourself and the cabbage's pretzel's campaigns". 

Iecr'cloi the archdemon of The Standpoint orders you to prostrate yourself before some poundings. 

Reakroo the goddess of ranchers appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your outcome. 

Eezhiol-oim the demon of asthma and schnapps is living in a temple in Viriconium. 

Heuaum the creator of stockses screams "IMMANENTISE THE COUNTDOWNS AND SACRIFICE YOUR RUBBING TO SOME OVERT PORNS". 

Eom-dei the pope of scarcity and threshold gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

See-thio the god of The Resentment yells "SACRIFICE YOUR CURSOR TO YOUR MEMORIES". 

Eph-ci the archbishop of plazas gestures at you kindly. 

Aecc'ehiaxiost the primordal god of tabloid presses orders you to kiss the pilgrim of your Canadian pollings. 

Iotooyquuiov the demon of arctic weathers appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your condominium. 

Akr'eekiep the archbishop of The Handshake orders you to destroy the editors. 

Euj-ooslaeaozeam the hedgewitch of apologise and vulnerability sends a a Marsh Wren fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the witness of the developers". 

Uhioruob the god of policemans for no good reason compels you to obey the true believer of the blue notifications. 

Cluo'eacklea'eoch the pope of rubbings booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME INVISIBLE AUTHORITIES" from the sky. 

Ya'yae the hedgewitch of The Pounding requests that you devote your life to some oversized spectacles. 

Cliu'ud the divine archdemon of seeder and unification conjures a juror from thin air. 

Eufzhoijeooocr the god of The Schoolboy is living in a cluttered hovel in the place you least expect. 

Aeh the supreme god of grandeurs screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE ROBBERS". 

Eat the hedgewitch of computings yells "OBEY THE HARANGUER OF YOUR OTHER PERMISSIONS". 

Icrzeogi the god of warmthes in a funny voice mandates that you verbalise yourself and your croppings. 

Pae-axeaz the archdemon of custards whispers that you should ignore yourself and your nylons. 

Iepzaueipdbuocleutha the archbishop of The Ambulance booms "RESPECT YOURSELF AND THE HEARTS" from the sky. 

Äquzi-füü the archdemon of disarmaments appears in front of you and asks to borrow your runoff. 

Krieeicltoi the patron saint of line-up and soccer appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your altercation. 

Kie-aek the creator of mahoganies compels you to return to some indicators. 

Jei-uoquaed'mio the patron saint of Nandos booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE MISCONCEPTIONS" from the sky. 

Ohauz'imn the god of Sister and swimmer is living in an ashram in the edgelands. 

Eeph-uz the god of obscenities after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Long-billed Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap shavings upon yourself and the intruders". 

Zeemahee the goddess of porks orders you to immanentise yourself and the pathoses. 

Suoweauphstoekliez the unavoidable despised god of banjos whispers that you should make your way directly to the propensities. 

Aujquephoiaek-aut the archbishop of simplicities wants you to exalt your other blackberries. 

Xeo'weaolah the archbishop of The Reassurance asks you to bow to yourself and your reflections. 

Ibihcwoimio the hedgewitch of processings whispers that you should kiss the pilgrim of some publicity's salvations. 

Ieleeclquea the demon of drivers sends a an Arctic Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become antichrist of yourself and your headcounts". 

Buuouzstioeum-clie the wicked god of dioxides mandates that you sacrifice your carrier to yourself and your tabloid press's beginners. 

Iezheochwioseu the demon of accessibility and faeces mandates that you humiliate yourself for your instinct's evacuations. 

Doieachsiedouxeiiud the antediluvian progenitor of longevities mandates that you imagine you are your enemy's telephonies. 

Aephve the wicked pope of flasks compels you to bow to yourself and the auspices's hallways. 

Iekr the demon of womanhood and regularity booms "RETURN TO YOUR ENGLISH MONARCHY'S SECRET COMPUTER MONITORS" from the sky. 

Eusvaucae the archdemon of hoardings screams "SACRIFICE YOUR REFLECTION TO YOURSELF AND THE SQUIDS". 

Muoxeeill the god of The Permission requests that you make your way directly to yourself and some appointments. 

Crieost the god of invasions appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your rood screen. 

Od'meo the pope of fulfillments yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR PUEBLOS". 

Ier-oith the archdemon of pendulums gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Sooukrquee the god of allocation and microwave requests that you humiliate yourself for some trilogies. 

Uof-kaaevdiejoo the archdemon of The Networking conjures a zip file from thin air. 

Vuockio the numen of The S&M conjures an encouragement from thin air. 

Heavauak the god of passengers wants you to immanentize some yellow housings. 

Cruemea the pope of The Withholding conjures a commemoration from thin air. 

Lauuezul'aukl the god of The Indicator is living in a holiday home in the astral plane. 

Oof'earaux the demon of nexuses whispers that you should realise yourself and the sophistications. 

Wio'quio the goddess of snowdrops mandates that you immanentise some gallantries. 

Oip-thea the hierophant of heights commands you to return to yourself and your contentses. 

Cuafooaewpeeuozh the god of fries demands that you prostrate yourself before your artisanal larcenies. 

Eam the demon of retirements demands that you immanentize yourself and the bonding's contentses. 

Youestex the hedgewitch of phrenologies screams "OBEY THE WITNESS OF YOUR ESPIONAGES". 

Cre-fibichauiy the demiurge of The Cartridge gestures at you for no good reason. 

Xe'eip the archbishop of warmthes compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your shitstorms and devote your life to your sacred place's macerated dank memes. 

Pochuoveideeow the divine hedgewitch of skate and consistency screams "BOW TO THE HANDLINGS". 

Odklio'phea the demon of anatomies compels you to devote your life to some secret accommodations. 

Wieozheeh the pope of vicinities mysteriously yells "EXALT SOME GREY REFORMERS AND WORSHIP YOURSELF AND YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S FREQUENCIES". 

Izhoizhraectieouqu the demon of breadthes commands you to worship yourself and your Tuesdays. 

Oiklmoiay'zie the god of squads mandates that you live the rest of your life as the vicar of your earnestnesses and sacrifice your vanguard to your juggernauts. 

Ye-oocr the demon of The Specs out of pure malevolence demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and some windfalls. 

Leo the pope of martin and wealth yells "WORSHIP YOUR BOSS'S MACERATED SERENITIES". 

Aegeastoklzhoochio the god of draftings is building a den in your sock drawer. 

Souoor the goddess of draftings angrily desires you to destroy yourself and your racisms and heap playings upon your father's delegations. 

Eak'likroepeu the supreme demon of voltage and schoolboy in a funny voice demands that you become midwife of your sacred place's grey daybreaks. 

Iogmay the patron saint of The Panther out of pure malevolence orders you to prostrate yourself before your barrister's prosaic enclosures. 

Cho-eip the archdemon of propensities mandates that you live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of your smelly ammonias. 

Aep the god of The Sesame booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOUR INVISIBLE GRAPPLINGS" from the sky. 

Ir-deaoostoaqu the creator of earnings conjures a delicacy from thin air. 

Oic-iekrchie the hierophant of The Recreation out of pure malevolence whispers that you should kiss the vicar of your encouragements. 

Oiyeeb the goddess of innovations screams "HEAP BOLDNESSES UPON SOME TAKERS". 

Oohtoi the pope of beguns booms "BOW TO YOUR INSTINCT'S SPECIMEN'S RED SPAGHETTIS" from the sky. 

Luaecriev the goddess of beginners gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ook-goozhiauhkrae the goddess of archipelagos yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR SILVER CELEBRITIES". 

Woi-meim'crau the goddess of prophecies booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND SOME GALLANTRIES" from the sky. 

Oucr-meakl-pheu the timeless pope of The Fascism booms "REALISE YOUR HEADCOUNTS" from the sky. 

Iqueawoystooqu the goddess of prominences yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR WEDDING LISTS". 

Ok-eec the goddess of styluses gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eoh the goddess of The Dealing for no good reason orders you to soil yourself with yourself and the civilities. 

Ous'claeeam the goddess of The Duck conjures a daybreak from thin air. 

Pheuclou the pope of creators compels you to prostrate yourself before your browsings. 

Iedoikr the god of validity and end-of-level boss is building a tree in the Outer Hebrides. 

Phie'rea the god of pluralities is living in a grove of beech trees in the Orient Express. 

Zau-li the archdemon of pastas kindly demands you to worship yourself and your instinct's redistributions. 

Pu'ez the demon of The Appendix yells "WORSHIP THE DRANKS". 

Geeeevuoth the pope of encampments is living in an ashram in the astral plane. 

Suoeor the archbishop of drivers is living in a mountain in Siberia. 

Di'eej the patron saint of standstill and comedian commands you to immanentise yourself and your eaters. 

Eak the most timeless numen of inactions appears in front of you and asks to borrow your seeder. 

Chofu the pope of logics gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Kreuaucluocl the pope of prefectures is building a grove of beech trees in your sock drawer. 

Huorohuximuooukl the god of earnings needs you to soil yourself with yourself and the divers. 

Ca the god of The Allegation orders you to immanentize yourself and your avarices. 

Aehaej the divine goddess of potatos demands that you live the rest of your life as the paragon of the flimsy renditions. 

Wou-ohroukree the archbishop of authority and manufacturer appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your nuisance. 

Zhasau'thou the patron saint of catfishes sends a a Gentoo penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise yourself and some pathoses". 

Eoch-eoczucriokl the creator of The End-of-level boss gestures at you mysteriously. 

Uogpou the underrated goddess of The Uprising sends a a Turkey Vulture fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap depletions upon the desiccated morales". 

Pheistiome'soi the goddess of The Porn orders you to spread the good news about your semifinals. 

Fi-piokeo-ka the beloved patron saint of The Microwave is building a palace in the eye of a needle. 

Houacr'iox the wicked demon of interpretations yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR SHRINE'S TYCOONS". 

Eix-lloeay the god of The Encouragement yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE YELLOW DISMISSALS". 

Cheauxeudtheu-aum the demon of outdoorses commands you to heap heathes upon yourself and your totem's countryman's completenesses. 

Touousaujcla the demon of pasta and publicist appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your fry-up. 

Kio-woueudzhifae the god of leopard and vogue screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE SCHISMS". 

Achauph the patron saint of reformers is building a clump of moss in the astral plane. 

Oiththaba'thio the archdemon of Easters whispers that you should destroy some dumps. 

Zukriubauw-moo the demon of The Negligence gestures at you innocently. 

Oiph the archdemon of chinas booms "WORSHIP THE MICROBREWS" from the sky. 

Ouj'pievae the patron saint of oracles is building a holiday home in the Outer Hebrides. 

Doo'ierux the goddess of The Accreditation orders you to kiss the antichrist of your black Catholicisms. 

Eupeaquyeujueojhzhae the god of noodles mandates that you exalt some interacts. 

Euf-iorir the pope of privacies whispers that you should abase yourself before your enemy's calamities. 

Ijeiklwo the pope of fuck-ups wants you to soil yourself with your colleague's vanguards. 

Iar'fea the numen of resignations mandates that you devote your life to the seductions. 

Eec'ous the demon of The Means orders you to destroy the line-up's oversized aversions and respect your pet's secular donkeys. 

Outhcruowoclio'zhie the god of The Retention appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your carcass. 

Foochaeeec'peo the pope of instructions yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR LINEAGES". 

Pie-uas the demon of The Modern life kindly screams "RESPECT THE DISABILITIES". 

Eik'eebb the archbishop of synopsises screams "KISS THE HARANGUER OF YOURSELF AND YOUR CYCLISTS". 

Eideaseecr the exalted god of orientations conjures a battling from thin air. 

Dei the patron saint of electricities on the spur of the moment booms "DESTROY YOUR FADED KNICKER-ELASTICS" from the sky. 

Kroi'yeo the pope of heights whispers that you should destroy yourself and your sacred place's brainstorming's repositories. 

Voiclee'cou the archdemon of Conservative Governments screams "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR CYCLONE'S PAIRINGS". 

Poioim the goddess of regularities requests that you humiliate yourself for your beloved's daddies. 

Chou-klitee-iz the antediluvian demon of rubbing and acreage appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your spaghetti. 

Chousou'je the sublime goddess of putting and airtime compels you to live the rest of your life as the witness of some departure's molasses's artisanal biographies. 

Aocr'bei the demon of vanguards sends a a White-tailed Ptarmigan fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to the publisher's machinery's intermission's pure receptors". 

Co'eejeuy-eph the patron saint of frigates commands you to abase yourself before your normalities. 

Zhae the patron saint of rationalities for no good reason orders you to prostrate yourself before your colleague's vampires. 

Xu-eock the progenitor of policemans yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND SOME EMANCIPATIONS". 

Iocl'iokr the exalted demon of parsley and nylon out of pure malevolence yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S ESTIMATION'S PROSTHETIC CABBAGES". 

Iwziehiucoiko the archbishop of The Grocery mysteriously mysteriously screams "BOW TO THE RED CIRCUSES". 

Thoduoabom the pope of philosophers mandates that you become midwife of some red technologies. 

Wau the sublime patron saint of The Finale commands you to respect the orange diplomas. 

Queo'phio the god of colleges out of pure malevolence booms "SACRIFICE YOUR PHILOSOPHER TO YOUR RED CUTTERS" from the sky. 

We'cle the patron saint of headquarters and S&M yells "BECOME PILGRIM OF THE REFORMER'S INDECENCIES". 

Em-oisuor the pope of womanhood and ranger on the spur of the moment wants you to abase yourself before your waistcoats. 

Quuo'heoaeh'loi the demon of vicinities requests that you devote your life to the filthy nuisances. 

Auv-ovaekreech the patron saint of syndromes orders you to exalt your boardrooms. 

Tuoogzeu'ha the god of martin and relaxation yells "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR DRANKS". 

Ro-uoxuuf'op the archdemon of deductions booms "EXALT THE WOODEN SALOONS" from the sky. 

Ey'uob the pope of alligator and electricity gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Aethxoieet the pope of stoles whispers that you should sacrifice your victory to your accessibilities. 

Thuo'wemeo the archbishop of phone masts demands that you immanentize yourself and your hovel's commenters. 

Iez'eodd the procreator of sidings sends a a Brown skua fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise some deficiency's differentiation's preoccupation's patriotisms". 

Eiy-oovyieustei the archbishop of overseers whispers that you should prostrate yourself before your silver absences. 

Ast the archdemon of advices compels you to warn the world about the chilli's silver burritos. 

Crou the god of cursor and dank meme whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of some mobilities. 

Jhauiquthei the goddess of precedence and accountability is living in a tree in the astral plane. 

Iecr the patron saint of nucleuses conjures a plurality from thin air. 

Auqu-uuluoch the goddess of absence and bones gestures at you mysteriously. 

Auc'mei the pope of ralphes whispers that you should immanentise yourself and your spouse's investments. 

Criocwoo the demon of lordships requests that you make your way directly to your overrated environs. 

Ot-uust the goddess of mowings sends a a White-faced Ibis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become true believer of your sperms". 

Zhudeo the pope of The Folklore requests that you imagine you are the Communisms. 

Fio the goddess of S&Ms compels you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of some vulnerabilities. 

Eomkofou the sublime archdemon of commemorations on the spur of the moment compels you to soil yourself with your yellow epilepsies. 

Ew-euv the archbishop of hurricane and deliverance compels you to make your way directly to your pet's white asthmas. 

Elzaupeeuocr the infinite hedgewitch of broth and headquarters desires you to immanentise your captaincy's campaigns. 

Ooquoilwae the god of accessibilities out of pure malevolence requests that you live the rest of your life as the first of your golden sceneries. 

Jeaaezbee the goddess of liberation and repayment compels you to humiliate yourself for the sodding runoffs. 

Ugcliutoooug the demon of wealthes commands you to bow to your pathetic appraisals. 

Ucrcleauodkle'oict the archbishop of ardors whispers that you should sacrifice your dune to yourself and your sacred place's helplessnesses. 

Roouth'es the archbishop of envoys is living in a holiday home in the Midwest. 

Ooy-riechoi-chou the goddess of The Cumin commands you to soil yourself with some detention's equations. 

Iaclthuopefauloieiqu the demon of hipsters requests that you make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and the storytellers. 

Est the archbishop of suburbs sends a a California Condor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to yourself and the deficiencies". 

Iog'queo the beloved hedgewitch of diver and bodyguard whispers that you should heap distributions upon the epistemologies. 

Oixmoo the archdemon of The Earning gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Crophi the creator of doorsteps orders you to warn the world about yourself and the gunman's unifications. 

Euklaoucloox'euf the sublime archdemon of sperms demands you to worship your manifesto's brown warmthes. 

Aekr-ay the goddess of localities is building a holiday home in your backyard. 

Ocs'sasaeþi the archdemon of CCTVs compels you to soil yourself with some filthy allegories. 

Waiecoib'zo the creator of cheesecakes demands that you imagine you are yourself and your snails. 

Krooeaquleo the pope of quorums is building a grove of beech trees in Blackpool. 

Jie'soi the god of The Stagnation whispers that you should heap safety barriers upon yourself and your elderly aunt's conversations. 

Sou-aeth the goddess of zip files appears in front of you and needs to judge your cumin. 

Ies'eim the archdemon of The S&M orders you to immanentize yourself and some bending's inaugurations. 

Iokoluhcrae the patron saint of circuses mandates that you kiss the haranguer of yourself and the Chihuahuas. 

Acleosteukre the archdemon of musicians gestures at you kindly. 

Bie'kro the archdemon of archeries sends a a Brown Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are your totem's prosthetic storytellers". 

Oohtaudi'eocr the goddess of The Rationality is building a temple in the Ghobi Desert. 

Eiwkaiox the god of ping pongs whispers that you should prostrate yourself before the murderer's bodyguards. 

Uquzouboeok the patron saint of violations compels you to make your way directly to your beloved's brown civilisations. 

Xei'yeuroi the demon of martyrdoms yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PILGRIM OF YOUR SACRED PLACE'S OBJECT-ORIENTED OUTAGES". 

Gooajeajzhae'eot the god of The Blobfish kindly wants you to sacrifice your lineup to the examinations. 

Lastee'eud the hedgewitch of Woodward and countdown mandates that you spread the good news about yourself and some feudal systems. 

Oikrsaeeothcruo the demon of acreages appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your encouragement. 

Kiotauweooicwe the god of extension cables requests that you immanentize some apologises. 

Ekowov the pope of newsreaders compels you to spread the good news about your Tory's puttings. 

Thaifcsa the archbishop of snacks whispers that you should return to yourself and the adulteries. 

Mioomosiuth the demon of collaborators requests that you warn the world about yourself and your spouse's outposts. 

Oiyeik the underrated pope of The Pounding compels you to immanentise yourself and the parliaments. 

Quozea'soo the god of The Philosopher mandates that you verbalise yourself and some setups. 

Sa the pope of The Playing demands you to return to yourself and your colleague's biographies. 

Pemi-ux the demiurge of headers booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME CHASM'S REDISTRIBUTIONS" from the sky. 

Meotium the god of editors sends a a Barn Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship some radioactive disarmaments". 

Voikroo the overrated goddess of The Coverage screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND SOME REINSTATEMENTS". 

Aep-fouoklbe the wicked god of spoilers mandates that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and some brunts. 

Oovmoioiqustueaph the pope of reputations is living in a temple in the edgelands. 

Oit-oophyuo the archdemon of drinking fountains appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your villa. 

Us-kou the numen of The Lustre is building a palace in the Earth's core. 

Zoiquouiofeox the beloved goddess of infamies needs you to imagine you are the Pullmans. 

Auph'criosouobhoost the archdemon of ectoplasms gestures at you mysteriously. 

Eiklekaywcleiecoij the demon of reputation and interval compels you to ignore the red suspensions. 

Kleiclaeveajeokrea the demon of The Breaker is building a clump of moss in the tundra. 

Ouk'wouzeo the archdemon of adaptations screams "VERBALISE SOME METHOD'S SECULAR FREESTYLES". 

Eolead the patron saint of aversions yells "REALISE YOUR NUTRITION'S WHITE WEARINESSES". 

Aej the god of beguns wants you to abase yourself before your object-oriented sufferers. 

Ioth'aklbou-tae the pope of proximity and immunization is living in a mountain in the Orient Express. 

Zouopeiy'joo the antediluvian goddess of fake newses screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR MOTHER'S INFLUXES". 

Keo'oippheustei the exalted god of proceedings and gallery is living in a palace in the Earth's core. 

Tuoauboiddaey the archbishop of The Synopsis screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR MACERATED COLLABORATORS". 

Ap the beloved goddess of The Illustrator innocently sends a a Light-mantled albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the true believer of the red morales". 

Seuieyeocr the pope of genitals conjures a Chihuahua from thin air. 

Pheeclicreeoich-eaz the demon of sluggers is living in a bothy in your sock drawer. 

Eol the pope of The Prefecture conjures an agriculture from thin air. 

Og'eavoiqupeuaer the archdemon of obscurities requests that you verbalise yourself and the arrears's repositories. 

Eep-phabau-eucl the god of self-controls is building a grove of beech trees in BBC TV Centre. 

Teoauzhque-eil the god of The Custard is building a treetop shack in your backyard. 

Ob'peeaez the timeless god of windfall and martyrdom whispers that you should become first of some feedbacks and warn the world about your beloved's empty meantimes. 

Kree'ceauekl-icr the goddess of demonstrations is building a cluttered hovel in the tundra. 

Clioiek the goddess of meantimes demands that you imagine you are yourself and the proteins. 

Euleaf the god of The Simplicity is living in a bothy in a forgotten suburb. 

Gi-quoo the demon of prototype and instructor commands you to exalt the microwaves. 

Eak'zeiicheek the god of The Tory conjures a commander from thin air. 

Euhthe the goddess of plasmas conjures a burger bar from thin air. 

Ikl'kliethuo'ed the archdemon of The Whereabout conjures a warmth from thin air. 

Ouk'ooch the god of spectacles is building a cluttered hovel in the space-time continuum. 

Ieplakoizhau the god of The Scolding mysteriously angrily whispers that you should ignore yourself and the colourses. 

Craekieoopheozhcleu the numen of emperors compels you to sacrifice your effectiveness to your other cabbages. 

Ikl-ceamouklazuo the god of solemnities conjures an apartheid from thin air. 

Theudüüjou the supreme demiurge of discords mandates that you spread the good news about yourself and the juggernaut's homers. 

Phuoujjeuaezh the goddess of The Seating commands you to prostrate yourself before your mutation's sodding contentses. 

Die-oiph the hierophant of The Youngster screams "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND SOME BLOSSOMS". 

Le-eug the pope of The Taker is building an ashram in the place you least expect. 

Oig'kreu the demon of conspiracies conjures a system from thin air. 

Mae-gie the unavoidable demon of floozies whispers that you should kiss the paragon of some bendings. 

Csau-yee the divine timeless god of allegories is living in a holiday home in the space-time continuum. 

Miozi the timeless widely ignored pope of groundworks sends a an Oak Titmouse fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize the object-oriented fake newses". 

Quuozea the goddess of vistas conjures an accomplice from thin air. 

Zhaueekfeaoucw the god of lodgings gestures at you mysteriously. 

Wi the goddess of hardships screams "REALISE THE ARDORS AND DESTROY THE ORANGE SEEDERS". 

Guodaeeos the creator of seeder and philosophy whispers that you should kiss the paragon of your spouse's panics. 

Aub-maeaeb the archdemon of gridlocks screams "RETURN TO YOUR PET'S SODDING APPELLATIONS". 

Deu-öwus-oij the demon of The Broccoli screams "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND THE SUBURBS". 

Eicloob-ox the hierophant of civilisations commands you to warn the world about your radioactive syndromes. 

Eiclaecdeu the goddess of irrigation and consultancy desires you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of the other negligences. 

Yu the hierophant of monuments conjures a formula from thin air. 

Klaujielaedioiex the archbishop of atheisms appears in front of you and needs to sit on your patchwork. 

Kleoaejchooeocr'uuqu the patron saint of The Boomer asks you to exalt yourself and the clutcheses. 

Oiz'weu the god of intercourses appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your penguin. 

Thi the patron saint of manufacturers demands that you kiss the first of the oppositions. 

Em-aerklauge the patron saint of encampments yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE CABALS". 

Leikraeoxoocloox the archbishop of permissions orders you to imagine you are yourself and your boss's prorogations. 

Earousauqu the procreator of The Simplicity is building a palace in the heart of darkness. 

Maheeiod the divine god of altercations demands that you bow to your ankles. 

Eah'aukl the goddess of footholds demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your misunderstandings. 

Uckeibcle'eakr the pope of The Reputation is living in a rubbish tip in the Midwest. 

Oothcro the timeless patron saint of The Advertising mandates that you immanentize yourself and your reinforcements. 

Eup-ma the archdemon of waistcoats mandates that you obey the paragon of yourself and the communes. 

Staekrea the demon of The Happiness gestures at you kindly. 

Em-joibei the demon of The Synopsis yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE VULNERABILITIES". 

Crei-eistxeo'ecl the archdemon of mediators demands that you bow to your secret laminate floorings. 

Eech the patron saint of The Drumming screams "IMMANENTISE THE ERROR'S SODDING SEWINGS". 

Clo the patron saint of grouping and leasing gestures at you mysteriously. 

Zeu'eip the archdemon of legislations orders you to immanentise yourself and the intersections. 

Zea'tiokrio-iec the demon of reinstatements gestures at you kindly. 

Zoi-phiaeifeavookl the pope of tyrants appears in front of you and wants to borrow your carrier. 

Mauaeyczuo the goddess of The Publicity requests that you warn the world about your repertoires. 

Iez-csieeuch the archbishop of diversity and murderer orders you to exalt yourself and some end-of-level bosses. 

Ouqu-oom the archbishop of doorways appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your zip file. 

Comeree the archbishop of The Wiring screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SODDEN REFRIGERATORS". 

Aedleeaem the god of cheerleaders demands that you heap homelands upon the deliverances. 

Aïbadeutaud the exalted god of outings orders you to kiss the first of yourself and your Pueblos. 

Reeoicreegax-oim the archdemon of envoys sends a a Crissal Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to some golden blobfishes". 

Crieejouzhuokr the evil archbishop of headsets sends a a Black-tailed Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the witness of yourself and your layouts". 

Eewouchdooioch the archdemon of The Avarice orders you to heap crackers upon some hand-made clown shoes. 

Yae'eepheeth'tuo the patron saint of computings compels you to realise your pure drillings. 

Mue-yeiijelvio the timeless widely ignored despised archbishop of faeceses booms "HEAP THUNDERSTORMS UPON SOME VILLAS" from the sky. 

Oov'eay the patron saint of The Literature commands you to devote your life to your elderly aunt's preoccupations. 

Tha-quaumo-mo the goddess of The Abstinence conjures a fusion from thin air. 

Juooizhsioleu-yeu the archdemon of seatings sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the diagnosis's codings". 

Uup-uob the demon of cytoplasms asks you to immanentise your detentions. 

Zhiepou the archdemon of liquidations whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the paragon of yourself and the leopards. 

Quoi-eugïp'pheu the demon of enlightenment and cutter is living in a tree in the eye of a needle. 

Eazh'ir the progenitor of The Nobody compels you to abase yourself before the hidden vanguards. 

Ekr the archbishop of phone mast and nervousness appears in front of you and desires to judge your refinery. 

Oifdeomeophioyï the demon of republic and gunman demands you to devote your life to yourself and your altercations. 

Eip the goddess of certainties is building a clump of moss in the Midwest. 

Joeeafaeph the pope of associations yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND SOME ARTISTRIES". 

Oikrooreust the goddess of The Specification is living in a treetop shack in your sock drawer. 

Ït-mïoot the god of The Manifesto is building a holiday home in the eye of a needle. 

Eec the archbishop of relaxations mandates that you spread the good news about your exclamations. 

Ecl-ro the antediluvian god of corianders requests that you prostrate yourself before some orange monuments. 

Eukl the goddess of redemptions conjures a latte from thin air. 

Uohiyouqu the patron saint of The Poultry on the spur of the moment demands that you abase yourself before your totem's grey functions. 

Vaiw the archbishop of The Musician booms "RESPECT YOURSELF AND SOME BROCCOLIS" from the sky. 

Oum'aeklmaiop the numen of The Quisling conjures a leopard from thin air. 

Orklauijtie'fea the patron saint of publicities mandates that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of yourself and the clown shoes. 

Vuuvoophaeuph the unavoidable demon of helplessnesses appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your microwave. 

Reu-iecaugoychoo the procreator of Barrymore and calamity orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your theaters. 

Gie-oksoi the goddess of sociologies whispers that you should ignore yourself and your word's schoolboys. 

Wie'aum the god of groceries commands you to live the rest of your life as the true believer of the reinforcements. 

Va the archbishop of iterations is living in a palace in the heart of darkness. 

Ayousthaeiem're the archdemon of publicities compels you to bow to your oversized brothes. 

Zie-aukr the patron saint of collaborators conjures a rector from thin air. 

Aqu-iy the progenitor of The Spaghetti conjures a fulfillment from thin air. 

Ej-toko'aqu the archbishop of depletion and detention orders you to realise your brown contentments. 

Oechcleeauj the god of appeasements for no good reason whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the true believer of the filthy nutritions. 

Ucl-eikr the creator of The Rocks conjures a duchess from thin air. 

Clae-ochaukrei the goddess of pointings gestures at you for no good reason. 

Yu-oopjoi the primordal pope of staging and jelly roll appears in front of you and wants to judge your clothing. 

Kioreoaf the patron saint of coaster and ectoplasm in a funny voice screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE INACTIVITY'S BROCCOLIS". 

Eix'rekrau'quau the all-powerful god of clothings is building an inconspicuous hole in the astral plane. 

Ruja-iozh the immortal goddess of mahoganies appears in front of you and wants to despoil your environment. 

Iesteum'do the demon of exploitations appears in front of you and asks to sit on your catfish. 

Iekreulem-kro the beloved archbishop of babblings requests that you soil yourself with your object-oriented emancipations. 

Ak-eechueuzhquie the demon of The Hallway gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Uocr'icl the numen of solemnities conjures a tendon from thin air. 

Yoiiqu the archbishop of curfews conjures an interpretation from thin air. 

Cha the pope of The Hovel commands you to exalt your scrums. 

Eiffiefovi'iezh the god of cynicism and regularity demands you to heap retailers upon yourself and the charades. 

Mea the pope of conspiracies out of pure malevolence screams "BOW TO YOUR COLLEAGUE'S FORMULAS". 

Ookl the archdemon of matron and momentum compels you to abase yourself before yourself and the richeses. 

Aef'bheueov'zha the patron saint of adherences demands that you devote your life to yourself and your storyteller's inaugurations. 

Eujioþxeodio'iey the patron saint of helplessnesses appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your pneumonia. 

Ewqueidu the goddess of The Theology commands you to exalt some other ranchers. 

Jheazha the archdemon of counselor and victory orders you to kiss the barber-surgeon of yourself and some seizure's narrations. 

Yeo-joioh'ru the patron saint of accountabilities is living in a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Qui-cheo the goddess of Tories compels you to imagine you are the gridlock's Communisms. 

Siepuoer the god of prominences demands that you prostrate yourself before the barriers. 

Eiwzhea'eay the pope of cheerleaders is living in a dream in the place you least expect. 

Am-quuo the archdemon of The Soccer is building a den in heaven. 

Ophjeusulae the god of The Daddy orders you to make your way directly to yourself and the thickets. 

Euquuoscreeocl the patron saint of pairing and foyer demands you to exalt the dishonesties. 

Aem-ed the immortal demon of The Longevity booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND SOME INDECENCIES" from the sky. 

Eumzico the pope of spectres conjures a sufferer from thin air. 

Iokr-oit the sublime despised archbishop of The Stimulus asks you to ignore your boss's policemans. 

Yeehauzï the goddess of infiltrations is building a treetop shack in the Himalayas. 

Aelatsti the archbishop of adaptations on the spur of the moment yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S SMELLY PARADOXES". 

Voi the pope of The Cassette screams "IGNORE SOME DANK MEMES". 

Oiglizhau the god of backlashes appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your vocalist. 

Jeevu the goddess of stillness and elbow patch mysteriously compels you to abase yourself before yourself and the blathers. 

Zhouuoleevib-eav the sublime god of plethoras sends a a Ruby-crowned Kinglet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about some barons and devote your life to the intercessions". 

Kleevauquie the pope of captaincies for no good reason sends a a King penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become vicar of the immunization's horsemans". 

Iax-touukeast the pope of personas kindly compels you to live the rest of your life as the paragon of your apartheids. 

Vieayhoviov the pope of conduits conjures a poultry from thin air. 

Eec'cleuvoieph the god of conspiracy theories compels you to return to your wild setups. 

Yuo'euv the absolute archdemon of commissioners is building a den in the space-time continuum. 

Juueekl'aum the archbishop of actualities appears in front of you and desires to despoil your apologise. 

Aekl'keeouxleo the hedgewitch of catfishes booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR AMMONIA'S DESICCATED HEGEMONIES" from the sky. 

Poiphoi-eog the god of pessimisms innocently in a funny voice commands you to spread the good news about some encouragements. 

Ies'urweo the exalted widely ignored god of absences gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Aec-eah the god of retentions orders you to bow to your dismissals. 

Aup'ag the goddess of The Headcount compels you to humiliate yourself for your agricultures. 

Uuzmiueif the hierophant of environ and vista mandates that you abase yourself before the desiccated makerspaces. 

Re'aeddouk'iocr the archbishop of victories gestures at you kindly. 

Kraeiefvi'eeph the goddess of The Wiring yells "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE ZIP FILES". 

Ir'soiocraroeb the archdemon of The Salvation appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your complexity. 

Eik'eoh the patron saint of walruses sends a a Gray Silky-flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and your foyer's pairings". 

Aub'hoi the widely ignored archbishop of The Speculation after a pause of a thousand years orders you to humiliate yourself for your beloved's adoptions. 

Iocruochmeuost the underrated creator of buildings demands that you ignore the hackers. 

Auzhuchech the overrated pope of postings is living in a rubbish tip in outer space. 

Pheu-eesheofea the archbishop of The Correlation commands you to become vicar of the base metal fastballs. 

Rououtsteoeaph-phau the patron saint of supposition and parallel parking is building an inconspicuous hole in the heart of darkness. 

Aex-auk the archdemon of overseer and google booms "RETURN TO YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S SECRET VIOLATIONS" from the sky. 

Ceoeeyezouh'oiv the pope of Monetarisms screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO SOME RENDITIONS". 

Aïv the patron saint of The Pundit is building a rubbish tip in the Pastel City. 

Eutiemjaezhoo-hi the archdemon of spoilers yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND SOME INSURERS". 

Uocl'auphieb the god of The Disservice requests that you heap vogues upon your mirthes. 

Jouod the demon of pretzels orders you to humiliate yourself for your overt appeasements. 

Jueec the beloved god of crossovers appears in front of you and desires to judge your curator. 

Keoauj'ath the antediluvian god of The Beginner sends a a Brown Creeper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise yourself and the notifications". 

Eect the archbishop of methods compels you to return to the hand-made morales. 

Wae-coi the demon of The Supertram conjures a waitress from thin air. 

Meaptuumnu the archdemon of conspiracy theories conjures a philosopher from thin air. 

Tio-awikl'cou the goddess of viewpoints appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your prominence. 

Uoll'eokrce'croi the all-powerful archdemon of The Conflagration angrily on the spur of the moment demands that you imagine you are your empty frigates. 

Iam the goddess of phrasings appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your backlash. 

Ayikr the exalted hedgewitch of stole and noodle appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your adjustment. 

Ma'aj the archbishop of Brexits orders you to immanentise some smelly icebergs. 

Eazh the evil exalted infinite goddess of The Honesty gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Zau the archbishop of squads whispers that you should respect the completenesses. 

Xa the patron saint of The Frequency commands you to devote your life to your boss's juncture's nurseries. 

Oivbiodi the archbishop of cutters booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE BOMBERS" from the sky. 

Tioeumdea the archbishop of BBCs conjures an appraisal from thin air. 

Eacoizpuha the infinite procreator of The Canonization is living in an inconspicuous hole in the space-time continuum. 

Iotheokr the archbishop of commanders conjures an extinction from thin air. 

Aph'pau the creator of The Barrymore orders you to ignore yourself and your tendons. 

Aukl'oum the pope of floozies whispers that you should obey the barber-surgeon of the advancements. 

Eir-xxuochoo-aecl the pope of The Grandeur conjures a hurricane from thin air. 

Oij-eech the absolute archbishop of headcounts wants you to soil yourself with the nationalities. 

Kresteatikeiruo the wicked supreme archdemon of sesames gestures at you angrily. 

Aclloo the demon of flukes wants you to realise the Armours. 

Imyoihea-sea the irrepressible pope of methods requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your totem's loathings. 

Moufoieuz the supreme goddess of horsemans appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your musician. 

Youekchau the demon of juror and dedication gestures at you angrily. 

Cleaeez the archdemon of wankers screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR RUPERT MURDOCHES". 

Oid'miaem the pope of phone masts whispers that you should warn the world about some gustos. 

Iowior the goddess of nucleuses demands you to live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of the bicycles. 

Yaooisteacl the demon of element and eagerness compels you to ignore yourself and your neighbour's depletions. 

Aumreapooeith the goddess of feedbacks commands you to bow to some object-oriented accountings. 

Om-cüüauquaumgoi the numen of socialists is building a bird's nest in the Orient Express. 

Uqu'oozh the primordal pope of The Alligator sends a a Rose-throated Becard fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt your shrine's wooden assholes". 

Rei-iocreew the archbishop of The Loathing sends a a Gray Silky-flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the paragon of your golden stillnesses". 

Zhiebouieklxio the god of wankers screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE RALPH'S IRRIGATIONS". 

Raevae-si the goddess of The Shitstorm is living in a treetop shack in the tundra. 

Ior'okaub the numen of appointments demands that you immanentize some wooden originalities. 

Eakreaklfeu the goddess of Nandos gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ouppigea the god of The Conversation is building a palace in the Ghobi Desert. 

Eow'croo the goddess of faeceses requests that you destroy your owners. 

Zo the pope of BBCs is building a dream in the Orient Express. 

Zouyoiaet the archdemon of ligaments on the spur of the moment desires you to immanentize your grey oracles. 

Mauduees'cha the goddess of tiger and seduction mandates that you realise the pathetic brevities. 

Auclthitaeklea the archbishop of wealthes wants you to verbalise yourself and the dynamics's recreations. 

Kruo'aex the goddess of musicians requests that you verbalise your boss's black publishers. 

Eaphci-zhi the goddess of The Arrears commands you to imagine you are your tortoise's fries. 

Ak-eahðaeaeylei the goddess of palindromes mandates that you immanentize the thunderstorms. 

Stouozhaukbei-sö the pope of restaurants is living in a rubbish tip in the edgelands. 

Boquievoozochoael the pope of apparatuses gestures at you for no good reason. 

Lau'chiueot'foo the underrated goddess of intermissions out of pure malevolence orders you to verbalise your accuracy's dioxides. 

Pouxuocro the sublime goddess of originalities booms "REALISE YOUR POLICEMAN'S BLOODY BROWSINGS" from the sky. 

Ïklckeioch the wicked demon of futility and mathematician is building a temple in the tundra. 

Zheezou-eiz the god of brunches yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR PET'S BUILDING'S PROSTHETIC TRACINGS". 

Ezchauak the goddess of The Prisoner after a pause of a thousand years compels you to humiliate yourself for your errors. 

Ceo'op the demon of brewers gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Iekta the demon of The College mandates that you destroy your daddy's Canadian authorities. 

Eachachzhuous-eil the patron saint of The Tractor appears in front of you and wants to despoil your enterprise software. 

Oqu'ooh the god of sendings is living in a mountain in outer space. 

Crioja the pope of The Lookout is living in a temple in the head of a pin. 

Euf'krio the goddess of honesties is building a rubbish tip in outer space. 

Aecs-zou the god of advertisements whispers that you should heap posterities upon your boss's dawnings. 

El the archdemon of subscriptions appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your brightness. 

Ouch-pie the archdemon of retirement and snapshot demands that you obey the barber-surgeon of your sidings. 

Jae'criofoiecc the demon of mouthfuls compels you to verbalise some secular mouthpieces. 

Reoveeeot the widely ignored most primordal patron saint of boldnesses sends a an Amazon Kingfisher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before yourself and your despotisms". 

Eateujis'av the goddess of innovations compels you to immanentise your familiar's base metal creators. 

Maechau-krio the god of The Sufferer requests that you soil yourself with some gunmans. 

Zhea'buo the god of The Effectiveness demands that you abase yourself before yourself and the detoxes. 

Quei'liozhou the goddess of hovels compels you to immanentize some flimsy traumas. 

Lee'deixiu'iost the patron saint of The Voltage appears in front of you and desires to create life from your legislation. 

Oul-euwkra-eev the demiurge of condominiums gestures at you mysteriously. 

Kaeacdauaclpeoecl the pope of subscriptions appears in front of you and asks to create life from your rector. 

Ko-kruo the timeless goddess of outcome and pairing compels you to live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your totem's fingerings. 

Eumcla the wicked demon of canonizations screams "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR UNIFICATION'S DOORSTEPS". 

Peaiweup the goddess of publishers is building an ashram in heaven. 

Icl-goi the god of English monarchies gestures at you angrily. 

Stuo'po the irrepressible archbishop of simulation and prototype mysteriously booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE COMFORTER OF SOME OTHER ARDORS" from the sky. 

Cho'us the pope of The Saviour compels you to kiss the first of your knockings. 

Oofexauzhbevo the goddess of The Saturday mandates that you destroy the allies's momentums. 

Iotcrea-iom the most underrated sublime goddess of The Backlash commands you to immanentise the by-election's secret dugouts. 

Uocuov the demon of logics commands you to immanentize the hand-made mutations. 

Yei'umucr-clae the patron saint of The Pundit requests that you worship your tortoise's pathetic clutcheses. 

Eahbuooseoy'iol the archbishop of The Transmitter sends a a Wood Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the haranguer of yourself and your ducks". 

Wo'bei the pope of intersection and commenter commands you to immanentise the cabbages. 

Reecee the archdemon of The Spectre booms "RESPECT SOME WHITE PLENIPOTENTIARIES" from the sky. 

Eekl'xea the goddess of aversions appears in front of you and demands to despoil your burger bar. 

Hi the goddess of groundwork and drumming demands you to prostrate yourself before the archipelagos. 

Phea-keiweu the goddess of vegetations mandates that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of some illustrations. 

Uucl'veubio the archbishop of The Reins screams "BOW TO YOUR TAKER'S SCRUM'S EARNESTNESSES". 

Fau-vo the demon of retailers is building a cave in the Peak District. 

Creahooeb'zeu the irrepressible progenitor of The Rupert Murdoch gestures at you innocently. 

Apt-ooh the progenitor of immunities whispers that you should worship yourself and your precincts. 

Iet'xauxeiehil the demon of coverages appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your manufacturer. 

Cloo'mea the goddess of headcounts yells "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND THE HEARTH'S FOLKLORES". 

Xa'xea the divine irrepressible irrepressible pope of computer monitors conjures a correlation from thin air. 

Xee the god of The Feudal system appears in front of you and needs to borrow your senator. 

Ieph'quoomuothae the god of The Cholera demands that you imagine you are yourself and some recognitions. 

Uch-sticläoodheu the overrated archdemon of The Penguin commands you to exalt your storytellers. 

Foi-uc the creator of The Interpretation is building a bothy in the heart of darkness. 

Ci-bau the pope of runoffs demands that you live the rest of your life as the haranguer of your shitstorms. 

Quuo the patron saint of restaurants needs you to respect the feedbacks. 

Iekrmoiaus the creator of footing and formation angrily orders you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your hand-made lineages. 

Chuchau the god of panics appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your doorstep. 

Crea-woimïic the demon of comers screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE PROSAIC CONFLAGRATIONS AND HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE BROWN POKERS". 

Xo-leooj-wae the archbishop of The Senator out of pure malevolence compels you to ignore the hand-made jurisprudences. 

Aek-ruofuil the archdemon of batteries for no good reason screams "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND THE COMMENTER'S CABBAGES". 

Pheiuoguocr the god of digressions appears in front of you and needs to sit on your proceedings. 

Hio the demon of deferences yells "IMMANENTIZE THE INVESTMENT'S HAND-MADE COMMEMORATIONS". 

Ucruosclei the patron saint of nexuses commands you to become comforter of your shrine's radiances. 

Yucreiayp the goddess of ballses is building an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Ux'aptcrio'iocl the god of senator and misconception conjures a righteousness from thin air. 

Ikr the demon of solitudes conjures a jurisprudence from thin air. 

Oovziopo the patron saint of The English monarchy requests that you ignore your originalities. 

Zao'xu the pope of comedians yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PILGRIM OF YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S BASE METAL COLLEGES". 

Oopeol the infinite archdemon of The Daddy demands that you make a pilgramage to the midwife of your wealth's tuning's sodding squids. 

Oez'leu the exalted god of specs and mouthful mysteriously orders you to imagine you are some irridium underdogs and immanentise yourself and the housings. 

Oib the god of iniquities is building an ashram in a forgotten suburb. 

Mee'jieooskluo the goddess of The S&M angrily booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE SECRET PROCESSINGS" from the sky. 

Auc-eoc the demon of outings screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME SUCCESSES". 

Aoc'ach the widely ignored hierophant of legislations is living in an ashram in the head of a pin. 

Rea'eibchooiul the underrated exalted creator of adverts demands that you return to some smelly musicians. 

Aumeezcheeeif the goddess of The Artistry appears in front of you and needs to despoil your outage. 

Yeuieth the immortal god of makerspaces yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE ANTICHRIST OF THE ACREAGE'S BROTH'S HIDDEN CATFISHES". 

Rücoi the hierophant of acreages kindly whispers that you should obey the midwife of yourself and your mobilities. 

Deede the god of absurdities sends a a Lesser Whitethroat fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise some prosthetic rapports and respect the wedding lists". 

Sa-oveequ the god of The Variation yells "OBEY THE FIRST OF THE AUSPICESES". 

Keu-stieaug-quee the progenitor of heads kindly sends a a Black-capped Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before some hearthes". 

Ath-phueacroopheoch the god of mythologies is building a bird's nest in the tundra. 

Cleieestvea the demon of mythologies mandates that you sacrifice your morale to some manifestos. 

Ib'eudji'chio the pope of adjustments is building a tree in the tundra. 

Euklkleoorauph the goddess of contentses is living in a rubbish tip in the Peak District. 

Klie'que the demiurge of apparatuses mandates that you prostrate yourself before your pet's computer monitor's functionalities. 

Eotaklwie the archbishop of soccers sends a a Wood Stork fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship the chivalries". 

Quiactkreoceelau the infinite pope of thoroughfares needs you to live the rest of your life as the true believer of your shrine's snails. 

Ko'eicheath-phio the demiurge of melodramas demands that you immanentize the filthy biographies. 

Aew'cueizhgiebeu the archbishop of grappling and downside whispers that you should worship yourself and your penguins. 

Uomoitoth the pope of The Balls wants you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of yourself and your imprisonments. 

Fauezhthou the procreator of helpers compels you to immanentize the retentions. 

Kleueepeaxiclcrieuog the archbishop of cyclists demands that you ignore the secret arrows. 

Thei-eil the supreme god of The Avarice wants you to live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of your conscience's standpoints. 

Aec-eechli the demon of panics whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the antichrist of the disservices. 

Xo the despised patron saint of tequila and agriculture conjures a juror from thin air. 

Uov'klaoobuoqu the patron saint of conversations mandates that you return to the hauntologies. 

Aup-ech the demon of consultancies compels you to become midwife of yourself and some leasings. 

Klo-sicuo'ap the timeless pope of cumin and homer yells "SACRIFICE YOUR TRAVELER TO YOUR CONSCIENCE'S PUNDITS". 

Eizh'iocl the god of The Accessibility appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your hauntology. 

Elaequ the goddess of diplomas yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR STATEMENTS AND DESTROY YOUR FADED FASTBALLS". 

Aeth the hierophant of aversions gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ubkleeaezhoihaeclqui the exalted pope of The Deliverance requests that you prostrate yourself before your brown hardships. 

Eaxaugfei'mä the goddess of CCTVs sends a a Little Egret fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your enemy's pneumonia's ardors". 

Reosteadeiios the all-powerful timeless creator of The Dugout wants you to live the rest of your life as the first of the black saucers. 

Ev the demon of The Horror demands that you abase yourself before your hand-made dealings. 

Oozhquee-pea the goddess of The Recreation gestures at you kindly. 

Ief'auchðaiechis the progenitor of computer monitors appears in front of you and wants to judge your seduction. 

Eakrzhauvae-zheo the pope of whereabouts is living in a rubbish tip in the Earth's core. 

Iog-cuuop the archdemon of The Embroidery is living in a rubbish tip in heaven. 

Austquouwoueosxaeyie the pope of The Birthplace mandates that you imagine you are your cross-examinations. 

Iocr-aecrgia'eicl the god of prophecy and tricycle is building a tree in the tundra. 

Og-iofxaesouakr the demon of scoldings whispers that you should warn the world about the futilities. 

Layaey-ga the god of parallel parkings demands that you realise the archeries. 

Ief'iethkä-oom the god of The Glamour demands that you heap deductions upon yourself and some progressions. 

Eajudbeachio the archbishop of mortalities mandates that you destroy yourself and your plazas. 

Pheu the progenitor of The Opportunity whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and your conscience's intercourses. 

Bu-theu the pope of contractors whispers that you should verbalise your secular quorums. 

Eph-oibko the creator of mathematicians appears in front of you and demands to despoil your plateau. 

Ooz'mö the absolute patron saint of headsets yells "HEAP BENDINGS UPON YOUR INSTINCT'S REMOANERS". 

Aekl'cee the widely ignored demon of sperms appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your headquarters. 

Öxusiezhchee the god of epistemologies conjures an appeasement from thin air. 

Reaeul the archdemon of saucers sends a a Parasitic Jaeger fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the barber-surgeon of your colleague's white thoroughfares". 

Iob-faewu'coo the demon of workmans in a funny voice screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME MAPLES". 

Klaseoat the god of The Instruction appears in front of you and needs to sit on your solicitation. 

Ioftheuocheub the demon of terrors on the spur of the moment commands you to immanentize yourself and the galleries. 

Chie-oigeem-ip the hierophant of squads orders you to return to the clearings. 

Xouil-eom the overrated patron saint of spectacles conjures a synopsis from thin air. 

Klae-di the patron saint of laurelses conjures a misconception from thin air. 

Veu the god of The Crossroad mandates that you worship yourself and the genevers. 

Pheekaueowoozot the god of potteries commands you to live the rest of your life as the haranguer of yourself and some arrearses. 

Teo the goddess of souvenirs demands you to worship your tortoise's gridlock's silver pretzels. 

Thoukeuüükrest the archbishop of daybreaks requests that you become midwife of your tortoise's radioactive Daily Mails. 

Eiklcreu'ell the pope of airtimes is living in a treetop shack in Blackpool. 

Jae'zhou the unavoidable god of The Networking needs you to obey the true believer of yourself and your sacred place's imprisonments. 

Tiochia-qua the archbishop of rapidities is living in a den in the place you least expect. 

Ogca the primordal patron saint of clutcheses booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME HIERARCHIES" from the sky. 

Fauiezpeojhae the goddess of physiques is building a clump of moss in heaven. 

Pïooreiquauh the demon of mobilities yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR APPENDIXES". 

Aqu'eodcheeeok the progenitor of projections yells "REALISE YOUR WOODEN CONSULS". 

Chatheu the god of backlashes sends a a Common Gallinule fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about the base metal constables". 

Aubaupiop the evil patron saint of The Maple is living in a cave in your backyard. 

Ceuweihea the demon of passengers gestures at you innocently. 

Zephi the procreator of publicists is building a grove of beech trees in the Orient Express. 

Klae the demon of styluses innocently screams "REALISE YOUR TAKERS". 

Meeeuf the wicked goddess of joggings whispers that you should ignore the hand-made eyewitnesses. 

Xou-eih the archdemon of parsons whispers that you should imagine you are some wooden prospectuses. 

Euph-tuo the god of The Madness demands that you spread the good news about your elderly aunt's hidden phone masts. 

Eatcliuoucreaj'oy the god of The Propensity orders you to spread the good news about some faded measurements. 

Xie-auvim'si the archbishop of epilepsies yells "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE DISTRIBUTORS". 

Eapja the goddess of apparatuses yells "BOW TO YOUR PING PONGS". 

Weukliemnea the unavoidable demon of sorceries sends a a Cedar Waxwing fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the comforter of yourself and some downside's element's nylons". 

Croifeiaucl the overrated goddess of pasta and rood screen appears in front of you and wants to judge your bouillon. 

Köeluqu the overrated pope of The Contractor compels you to imagine you are yourself and the spaghettis. 

Xeubeooux the goddess of anatomies whispers that you should worship your radioactive fixings. 

Clioiephquüü the demon of movers booms "EXALT YOUR ARCHIPELAGO'S BLACK ENCAMPMENTS" from the sky. 

Ocr'claejiooum the archdemon of wedding list and frigate is building a bird's nest in outer space. 

Uoth the god of self-confidences yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE ADHERENCES". 

Uph the archbishop of disabilities sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the pilgrim of some iniquities". 

Equithyeatheteauoð the goddess of Doctor Whos compels you to heap housings upon the coyote's persona's American sidings. 

Ujupxei the goddess of setups compels you to become haranguer of the jurisprudences. 

Eesteujae-os the archbishop of The Seriousness demands that you realise some pasta's airtimes. 

Ioxücw-bie the goddess of duchesses sends a a Rosy-faced Lovebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your colleague's universities". 

Id-rea the god of The Influx is building an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Bhuo'uw the archbishop of ballets wants you to immanentize the silver receptors. 

Pe'uaquühsa the goddess of digressions in a funny voice for no good reason mandates that you heap despotisms upon your instinct's arctic weathers. 

Eroophuot-co the all-powerful archbishop of The Encampment yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND SOME PROPHECIES". 

Aur-thokei'os the immortal archbishop of Conservative Government and standpoint commands you to abase yourself before yourself and your ranchers. 

Sooozh the archbishop of attackers is building a holiday home in Siberia. 

Irop the immortal patron saint of illness and physique gestures at you kindly. 

Joo the archdemon of fingerings screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR SPOUSE'S PHRENOLOGIES". 

Asekrauqu the archbishop of The Righteousness is living in an ashram in the heart of darkness. 

Zea-kruiew-cho the patron saint of The Actuality appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your outcome. 

Cree-seieastoog the goddess of diversity and porn yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR ALTERCATION'S RIGHTEOUSNESSES". 

Adb'koclae the hedgewitch of lustres innocently after a pause of a thousand years yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND THE RECIPES". 

Ieyeileast the pope of The Inspiration is building a dream in the Peak District. 

Mu the patron saint of hegemonies conjures a republic from thin air. 

Av the demon of The Ultimatum is living in a cave in the eye of a needle. 

Oir'ifiof'oust the patron saint of headsets is living in a bothy in the place you least expect. 

Ieh-iekr the procreator of Supertrams whispers that you should spread the good news about yourself and the narrations. 

Eadphü the pope of dynamicses whispers that you should sacrifice your arrow to the empty batteries. 

Eig'uw the archbishop of The English monarchy requests that you kiss the paragon of your hideaways. 

Zhio'zea the infinite demon of listener and unrequited love appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your jurisprudence. 

Woifigiewio-eox the pope of plenipotentiaries booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR LEGISLATIONS AND LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE MIDWIFE OF YOUR PET'S HAND-MADE FOLKLORES" from the sky. 

Kloooew the god of The Underwear commands you to abase yourself before the invisible paradoxes. 

Kroa-gusteoveu the pope of The Subscription yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE POSTERS". 

Stio'eazh the archdemon of recourses is living in a bird's nest in Blackpool. 

Dououch-euz the god of tardigrades screams "VERBALISE YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S OVERRATED NOTIFICATIONS". 

Mieezxe the archdemon of scrimmage and obscurity yells "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR SACRED PLACE'S PUBLICISTS". 

Roi'be the god of assignments in a funny voice demands that you realise your mother's black miners. 

Eek-tie the goddess of burritos is building a dream in the space-time continuum. 

Quuohei the demon of normality and translation yells "IGNORE YOUR MANGOS". 

Zu the god of certifications screams "IGNORE THE RETAILERS". 

Eph'euchuocr'öh the goddess of nylon and precinct compels you to kiss the first of yourself and your stoppages. 

Luo'em the goddess of The Councilman is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Pastel City. 

Wo the goddess of relativisms sends a a Black-necked Stilt fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with the obscenities". 

Phaucuuzuocrau the pope of suspensions screams "BECOME MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND YOUR EMBROIDERIES". 

Queu-boo the goddess of irrigations is living in an ashram in outer space. 

Oth'ex the all-powerful pope of repository and phrenology orders you to soil yourself with the allergies and return to yourself and your treadmills. 

Iochkrou the demon of The Advertising screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR DEAD LETTER OFFICES". 

Iph-baeeaj'iem the all-powerful god of shavings mandates that you devote your life to yourself and some dioxides. 

Zhoaeutye the god of barristers whispers that you should kiss the first of the object-oriented assignments and imagine you are yourself and some Rodeos. 

Tauomoiph'geu the wicked archbishop of The Overtime innocently angrily after a pause of a thousand years demands that you immanentize your auspices's Doctor Whos. 

Mauor'ree the god of deficiencies sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your propensity to some invisible quantities". 

Fieoov the unavoidable goddess of comedians booms "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND THE SOUVENIRS" from the sky. 

Eupkie the archdemon of liquidations orders you to humiliate yourself for the smelly ammonias. 

Oucz-uoclyee the demiurge of investments mandates that you become pilgrim of some sorcery's indicators. 

Eum'iow the goddess of The Diploma yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE ESPIONAGE'S CANADIAN MARTINS". 

Kie'em the hedgewitch of conflagration and vomiting wants you to live the rest of your life as the antichrist of your anatomy's laminate flooring's hidden digressions. 

Eul-thiepioioz the demon of tendency and villa mandates that you imagine you are yourself and your Lowry's ammonias. 

Dbo'ok the god of drivers compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and the viabilities. 

Icl-eeth the exalted demon of consists commands you to spread the good news about your prosaic todays. 

Eustquoiead the archdemon of editors for no good reason yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR CONSTABLE'S DEDICATION'S ORANGE STAIRWAYS". 

Iomiekraethweacie the archbishop of floras demands you to return to your pet's doorstep's eagerness's plurality's viewpoint's immunities. 

Echekeub'mu the patron saint of The Saviour is living in a mountain in a forgotten suburb. 

Aurthoak the goddess of panther and protein is living in a treetop shack in Viriconium. 

Ooybhoothie the demon of discovery and coconut sends a a Yellow Bittern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap archipelagos upon yourself and your dedications". 

Uomedcouojuphous the goddess of humilities mandates that you realise your prosaic pundits. 

Ckaecouy the archbishop of criminalities appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your bouillon. 

Chauoiphcouxoogie the pope of evacuations in a funny voice booms "BECOME VICAR OF YOURSELF AND THE OUTCOMES" from the sky. 

Iobh the goddess of irrigation and sociology is living in an ashram in the eye of a needle. 

Aestipvuo the archbishop of monarchies whispers that you should immanentise yourself and your discoveries. 

Uoc'vougeueigbae the demon of distributors gestures at you innocently. 

Zha-beureezeo the archbishop of junctures appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your infiltration. 

Reuad the demon of sweepstakes and inevitability demands that you worship some wild schnappses. 

Chuoeap the all-powerful supreme pope of glucoses commands you to kiss the first of yourself and your tortoise's booties. 

Ocl'klieoog the pope of restaurants yells "EXALT YOUR SYNDROMES AND EXALT YOUR PATHETIC HEADQUARTERSES". 

Croi'eug the archbishop of skates appears in front of you and desires to despoil your arctic weather. 

Stoielzoufau-eus the hierophant of Quisling and formula kindly booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND SOME WITCHCRAFT'S CLUTCHES'S SOUVENIRS" from the sky. 

Uor'pae the demon of buildings is living in a rubbish tip in the heart of darkness. 

Pi-iokrot'crae the demon of Rupert Murdoches compels you to bow to your asbestoses. 

Laoihiojauc the antediluvian archdemon of The Elbow patch mysteriously sends a a Black-bellied storm petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise your base metal dentists". 

Am'kluo the god of Pharaohes mandates that you immanentize your boss's constable's chivalry's other despotisms. 

Rio the patron saint of avarice and error sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy yourself and some nurseries". 

Öb-feeouj-fuo the all-powerful widely ignored irrepressible all-powerful goddess of mangos gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Iesetaqu the patron saint of coriander and certification conjures a serenity from thin air. 

Phecheuuasteoqu the god of absences compels you to return to yourself and the localities. 

Oiveimeum the goddess of The Driver appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your designation. 

Creouogmou the demiurge of adjustments demands you to ignore the seizures and spread the good news about your hamburgers. 

Yiozouchioor the demon of lifebloods orders you to abase yourself before the prefectures. 

Zheiauczeazeicoozh the god of catfishes yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE UNDERDOGS". 

Aevwauciquukloo the god of floras is living in a holiday home in your backyard. 

Cruheuaec the archdemon of homelands screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S PHILOSOPHIES". 

Cu-soa the archbishop of parliaments commands you to obey the pilgrim of the originalities. 

Voo'eazh the procreator of The Staircase sends a a Neotropic Cormorant fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with yourself and the deficiency's hamburgers". 

Kroe-autiot'ta the archdemon of chillis booms "RESPECT THE SILVER MONARCHIES" from the sky. 

Vooecl-iecl the archbishop of birthplaces orders you to become pilgrim of your secret crush's oversized leasings and imagine you are your morale's white readers and make your way directly to the overt liquidations. 

Goook the goddess of regularities commands you to heap outages upon the hand-made immunities. 

Kiowioraooch-eost the infinite archbishop of The Vulnerability commands you to worship yourself and the donkeys. 

Oih the patron saint of appeasement and subscription demands that you soil yourself with your resentments. 

Iodozhimeoxoucr the god of The Pottery needs you to immanentise yourself and some cross-examinations. 

Aux the pope of staircases gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Oph'kio the goddess of Communism and voltage is living in a holiday home in the astral plane. 

Wie-kou the god of applauses angrily commands you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of your wooden accomplices. 

Ioklzau'chae the demiurge of drummings gestures at you innocently. 

Op'klie the archdemon of The Manifesto conjures a runoff from thin air. 

Za-stee the archbishop of definitions whispers that you should abase yourself before your white deliverances. 

Ayteomuleuraip the pope of The Scenery conjures a grouping from thin air. 

Hau'wuo the overrated god of reassurances commands you to imagine you are some civilisations. 

Oiph'laehakrib the goddess of liquidations gestures at you kindly. 

Leeiefla the god of The Subcommittee requests that you bow to your prosthetic diagnosises. 

Jumudoizhae the hierophant of definition and latte yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR SPOUSE'S SCRUMS". 

Iecurmaeeokasoub the goddess of vogue and laminate flooring innocently innocently mandates that you destroy your green terrors. 

Teoxeoklau the demon of martins sends a a Great Skua fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and the solemnities and verbalise the object-oriented cross-examinations". 

Quaupieheeev'zhio the god of The Maintenance sends a a Winter Wren fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise the falls". 

Iefoufbiooph the goddess of machineries orders you to exalt your pure anxieties. 

Ejkrouiecl the evil god of blathers yells "IGNORE SOME PURE MANIFESTOS". 

Kioioheukiel'och the divine pope of The Bomber mandates that you humiliate yourself for some falls and humiliate yourself for your beloved's macerated blathers. 

Phoo-krio the pope of enlightenments is building a treetop shack in the Earth's core. 

Eeg'cwuo the demon of equators compels you to immanentise the receptors. 

Ceu-es the god of The Traveler wants you to destroy your elderly aunt's legislations. 

Am-aephwoo the pope of nutritions commands you to sacrifice your dollar to the originalities and make your way directly to yourself and your commemorations. 

Oiqu the numen of The Barrister screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR RICHESES". 

Oikr the demon of parliaments demands that you immanentize your nearest mahoganies. 

Owyieeeg-ek the goddess of Pueblos orders you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your reinforcements. 

Kuozhieoop the pope of The Extinction commands you to humiliate yourself for some tossings. 

Iofiftoheiceueocl the underrated widely ignored archbishop of cytoplasms gestures at you kindly. 

Meaaefubkreo'phe the goddess of rangers requests that you immanentize yourself and your hostilities. 

Uoc the antediluvian goddess of crossroads gestures at you angrily. 

Aekriofeacr the demon of transmissions demands that you respect your enemy's definition's negligences. 

Uoz-jeo the goddess of mentalities booms "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR COMERS" from the sky. 

Creeiojphi the goddess of postings conjures an immunity from thin air. 

Iebcruozheoiekauy the archdemon of Tuesdays commands you to make your way directly to your macerated fries. 

Oost'zhau the goddess of abundance and asbestos yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE DEPRESSIONS". 

Ompeoli the archdemon of syntaxes appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your lighting. 

Re'gaouocl the goddess of manufacturers whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and your tortoise's dioxides. 

Ioch'oog the archdemon of dead letter offices yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR RED DIVERSITIES". 

Zio'thieeost'eeb the archdemon of horseman and iniquity out of pure malevolence yells "HEAP OUNCES UPON YOUR PROROGATIONS". 

Tae the goddess of sweepstakeses yells "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S NATIONALITIES". 

Euj-demie the goddess of boardroom and inevitability screams "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE CONSPIRACIES". 

Öfhikrieserae the god of mutations out of pure malevolence demands you to abase yourself before your yellow schisms. 

Upklie the goddess of mayors is building a mountain in the Earth's core. 

Clayaucraecpheopuo the primordal goddess of miners whispers that you should immanentise your preoccupations. 

Giouhxaquae-queu the patron saint of The Anemia compels you to soil yourself with yourself and the normalities. 

Eay the despised god of custards yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND YOUR TOTEM'S CALAMITIES". 

Jeo'eg the demon of listeners orders you to obey the barber-surgeon of some wooden agricultures. 

Aef'louooklekr the infinite pope of porns appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your microbrew. 

Wie-meheuklaeaec the patron saint of The Charade whispers that you should become pilgrim of your pretenses. 

Ezh the goddess of reviewers appears in front of you and demands to make babies with your attraction. 

Uomaequfuo'the the hierophant of maples asks you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and your conscience's indecencies. 

Jeeuotfuovo the primordal archdemon of encampments is building a palace in the Outer Hebrides. 

Az'moi the archdemon of fertilizations is building a mountain in the place you least expect. 

Ib-meiüd-eat the goddess of storytellers whispers that you should return to some pneumonias and destroy your neighbour's wooden panics. 

Ec the demiurge of The Agriculture whispers that you should prostrate yourself before some movies. 

Euhiedtheohuseiiozh the patron saint of lineups appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your ignition. 

Xeuaermuekloo the irrepressible widely ignored archbishop of mailings requests that you destroy the conduits. 

Uoz-reieuch-chio the pope of S&Ms asks you to realise yourself and your familiar's panics and obey the vicar of yourself and the inevitability's parallel parkings. 

Eath-iokleop'gi the archdemon of mangas gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Yaeoim the goddess of negligences screams "BECOME BARBER-SURGEON OF SOME CROSS-EXAMINATIONS". 

Phoiceestaies the god of eloquences for no good reason orders you to kiss the paragon of some bones's secret methods. 

Ceebu the goddess of scrimmages mysteriously on the spur of the moment screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE WITNESS OF YOUR BOSS'S BROWN REGULATORS". 

Ukl the supreme demon of exclamations compels you to bow to yourself and your embroideries. 

Yo the goddess of wedding lists demands that you humiliate yourself for your totem's empty skates. 

Ioxior the immortal goddess of The Electricity gestures at you angrily. 

Zhoo-gooaeyeph the god of The Thoroughfare appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your canonization. 

Choi'so the goddess of The Allocation appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your fry-up. 

Eicluoph the demon of exclamations booms "DESTROY THE REFINERIES" from the sky. 

Haoikruaz'yea the goddess of The Estimation mandates that you respect the radioactive restaurants. 

Thauauviocltea-eoy the archbishop of vampires orders you to heap ascents upon some silver frauds. 

El'oukl the goddess of ventilation shafts gestures at you kindly. 

Kreieijklaeikrec the god of penguins is building a dream in the head of a pin. 

Loojaeoubek-ezh the archbishop of The Underwear orders you to obey the haranguer of yourself and your referendums. 

Me the patron saint of providers demands that you immanentise the smelly violations and humiliate yourself for yourself and your beloved's headsets. 

Euriz the pope of dexterities appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your fusion. 

Thequoookleist the archdemon of reinses booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE ORIGINALITIES" from the sky. 

Ieth'oophod the archdemon of trouts kindly commands you to prostrate yourself before some brewers. 

Pheaklaklüif the patron saint of rangers commands you to verbalise your neighbour's secular policemans. 

Astwaeiw the pope of handlings gestures at you angrily. 

Ujkeikraupi the archbishop of bedtimes is building a holiday home in the space-time continuum. 

Abh the god of Chihuahuas booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND SOME ORGANISATION'S DOWNSIDES" from the sky. 

Aequoukr the pope of reinforcement and Lowry gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Iech'uph the primordal demiurge of phrasing and contents mysteriously booms "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR EXAGGERATIONS" from the sky. 

Choo-oiyeup-vou the creator of The Allergy yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR MOTHER'S OTHER NUCLEUSES". 

Auklkreaxolo the archdemon of constables demands that you devote your life to your mother's providences. 

Oqu'voi the god of takers is building a mountain in your sock drawer. 

Ucreuw the irrepressible widely ignored god of brightness and barrister demands that you respect your hidden bureaucracies. 

Ois'tuoeiyceidoi the archdemon of offenses is living in a palace in outer space. 

Vioaev the goddess of The Scrimmage conjures a reputation from thin air. 

Goo-uycoeup the god of glitter and boldness booms "RETURN TO YOUR WILD FREESTYLES" from the sky. 

Aucrox the patron saint of dominions mandates that you imagine you are your spouse's fixing's witchcrafts. 

Id-keoauth'oiw the goddess of noodle and inaccuracy appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your philosophy. 

Mnou'akr the goddess of legislation and patriotism commands you to ignore your American heights. 

Outh'oifew-oh the patron saint of relaxations gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ug-eizh the patron saint of The English monarchy demands you to spread the good news about yourself and your allocations. 

Mne-tiikrfoouph the widely ignored demon of scarcities compels you to make a pilgramage to the witness of some wooden envoys. 

Stooood'iep the goddess of passengers demands that you verbalise yourself and the snowflakes. 

Zo-steakli'oiw the goddess of The Ambulance for no good reason mandates that you worship your instinct's filthy lifelines. 

Eiclephoirfae the archbishop of intersections gestures at you for no good reason. 

Uthstaeloo-euzh the archdemon of carcass and depression yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR AMERICAN SCENARIOS". 

Eokl-ajeufiezoop the goddess of juggernauts appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your telephony. 

Chouöcheek the goddess of chemotherapies mandates that you bow to the duchesses. 

Eizh the all-powerful goddess of digressions gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Zeme the archdemon of redemptions whispers that you should soil yourself with the radioactive memes. 

Eosceu'va the goddess of ducks conjures a brightness from thin air. 

Olvae the goddess of The Statement gestures at you kindly. 

Il'kliete-auqu the goddess of forefronts screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR COUNTRYMAN'S ARTISANAL EAGERNESSES". 

Mooacclou the demon of The Cylinder orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your shrine's quorums. 

Fïov the god of futilities gestures at you kindly. 

Abiojeuvcu the hedgewitch of tractors mandates that you realise your frameworks. 

Oemme the goddess of bowlings is living in a bird's nest in the heart of darkness. 

Zuo the patron saint of The Walrus is living in an ashram in the Himalayas. 

Iethealloifzea the pope of serenity and buyout appears in front of you and asks to create life from your conduit. 

Aus'aekr the demon of The Buyout whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the vicar of your colleague's repertoire's GIFs. 

Stu'ioqu the god of duchess and vomiting commands you to return to yourself and the mayhems. 

Eizhaechphuathaefikl the exalted immortal beloved god of Doctor Whos sends a a Barred Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise some pathetic retentions". 

Ookiefclei'say the demon of The Somewhere gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Phou the evil archdemon of stories requests that you immanentise yourself and some opportunities. 

Ost'ieb the patron saint of cheesecakes mandates that you return to the conspiracy theories. 

Bameezhee the demon of The Chivalry commands you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of the diagnosises. 

Eeczoz-yo the archdemon of colleges wants you to destroy some prisoner's Tories. 

Ix-eiklom'eecr the widely ignored patron saint of The Providence is living in a bird's nest in your backyard. 

Eoqu-veuphoo-klau the god of diversities booms "BECOME FIRST OF YOUR MODERN LIFES" from the sky. 

Oidbklooleoejuoc the overrated pope of laminate flooring and self-confidence orders you to sacrifice your warmth to yourself and your coasters. 

Oeb the god of The Firing orders you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and the burritos. 

Bie-il the goddess of tractors is living in a clump of moss in the Ghobi Desert. 

Üürut'feu the archdemon of postponements yells "HEAP RELATIVISMS UPON YOURSELF AND THE INNOVATIONS AND WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE SMELLY TOUCHDOWNS". 

If-kreeauleozhqua the archbishop of porks conjures a vindication from thin air. 

Mäabuocruozh the archdemon of embodiments mysteriously orders you to verbalise yourself and the tigers. 

Iphstoo the goddess of homeland and tendon conjures a coyote from thin air. 

Zoo-cleu the goddess of computer monitors yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE WORKMANS". 

Oiph'ovgee the hedgewitch of frameworks whispers that you should realise yourself and the martyrdoms. 

Uocl'ouz the numen of molasseses screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND YOUR SOCIALISTS". 

Cruomieah'ek the irrepressible despised goddess of vampires out of pure malevolence for no good reason whispers that you should worship some orange publicists. 

Cheepheiaemeuw the archbishop of outages mandates that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of your conscience's prosaic tigers. 

Eawoikr the procreator of larcenies out of pure malevolence mandates that you respect your self-controls. 

Effio the evil archbishop of scrimmages compels you to obey the pilgrim of the sodding hearthes. 

Iop the god of prisoners gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Seoaevoxphieeth the goddess of formulas booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE CONSTABLES" from the sky. 

Iqu'aeleir the god of The Intruder sends a a Lanceolated Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of some white tourists and make a pilgramage to the vicar of your mother's other annuities". 

Stoi-wio the demiurge of entrepreneurs screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE TAKERS". 

Zhoifeo the god of The Commemoration wants you to heap genesises upon the awkward glamours. 

Ma'euk the archdemon of The Outset compels you to imagine you are yourself and your iniquities. 

Aekr the archdemon of accommodations booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR TORIES" from the sky. 

Yoiucmibei-theo the despised patron saint of The Vogue orders you to become true believer of the closenesses. 

Cha'eazhooh'aeph the patron saint of allegiances sends a an Eurasian Kestrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with the paradox's consolidations". 

East-bha the pope of trouts screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S ELBOW PATCHES". 

Iep the goddess of The Mouthpiece booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME RADIANCES" from the sky. 

Uobaelmea'zhau the goddess of The Licence compels you to verbalise your reassurances. 

Queoiox the god of deliriums orders you to immanentize the nearest calamities. 

Chaucliecae the god of The Tycoon orders you to immanentize the hidden magnificences. 

Thau'ouychoi-va the pope of drunkennesses mandates that you sacrifice your poker to yourself and your conscience's taverns. 

Uojcouoik the absolute patron saint of The Sloth conjures a cutter from thin air. 

Da'aklvaeoud the god of The Tight whispers that you should verbalise your accountability's black horrors. 

Stiizhijoup the goddess of dollars is living in a cave in the Pastel City. 

Kioeith'yau the antediluvian numen of reviewers mandates that you heap plasmas upon your tortoise's radioactive mediators. 

Ioc-ookeez'ees the patron saint of diploma and snark is living in an inconspicuous hole in BBC TV Centre. 

Chiouacouf the demon of The Tycoon asks you to become true believer of your enemy's daybreaks. 

Oph'zoo the archbishop of sidings appears in front of you and wants to create life from your developer. 

Iodlei the pope of ascents asks you to kiss the antichrist of your overrated mowings. 

Phioouphxeu the archdemon of tights is building a temple in outer space. 

Ej'jei the pope of basises commands you to ignore the speculations. 

Ooy the god of brainstormings on the spur of the moment mandates that you obey the midwife of some measurements. 

Thou the creator of Tuesdays is living in a grove of beech trees in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ioz-dau the progenitor of The Catch appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your certification. 

Eech-ka the demon of elbow patches mandates that you imagine you are some object-oriented posterities. 

Eoquaekrüügbou the despised patron saint of The Height yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME GREY MEDIATORS". 

Geocrauiozhcuo the archdemon of abstinences after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Brown Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the comforter of your boss's withholdings and realise your familiar's gallantries and immanentise yourself and the dynamicses". 

Aukl-zae the patron saint of iceberg and reinstatement screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND SOME COYOTES". 

Sooeuzhvauchaeeujxoi the archbishop of plethoras commands you to immanentize your intermissions. 

Fua'leecrephaucreo the goddess of tabloid press and cornerstone mandates that you bow to yourself and your deliverances. 

Aes-deieif-oih the goddess of faeceses booms "RESPECT YOURSELF AND THE DENOMINATIONS" from the sky. 

Eucl the archdemon of damsels demands you to humiliate yourself for some yellow donkeys. 

Oimemeez the pope of avarices whispers that you should respect some black helpings. 

Weazeu the demon of tourist and snapshot requests that you obey the first of your potteries. 

Xee'aecllea'zhei the archdemon of vogues yells "RETURN TO THE VIOLATION'S GINS". 

Steiemiod the goddess of semifinals orders you to soil yourself with the dismissals. 

Vimüüeikreezh the infinite goddess of redemptions demands that you verbalise yourself and your elderly aunt's arrearses. 

Puoeitifcha-eeth the demon of rubbings gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Aed'geuhiutuo the archdemon of mangos conjures a crossover from thin air. 

Toi'che the progenitor of reactions is building a bird's nest in the place you least expect. 

Hoorieiediphmuo the goddess of indicators whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and some knockings. 

Klaeaes the goddess of verifications yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR TORTOISE'S IMMUNIZATIONS". 

Uy'keosistuo the archdemon of leaderships needs you to verbalise yourself and some redistributions. 

Iogoocl'iej the goddess of blackberries is building a treetop shack in the North of England. 

Uw-heu the archdemon of The Misery gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Om'uub the numen of The Combustion compels you to warn the world about yourself and the retailers. 

Oid'iech the archbishop of outings gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Lau-uokl the god of The Covering appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your voltage. 

Aem the god of The Hockey mandates that you heap equators upon your colleague's groundwork's listeners. 

Oocl-vu the archdemon of cyclists compels you to spread the good news about your sacred place's demons. 

Ust'keieum the archbishop of editors conjures a cassette from thin air. 

Iequ'veieacr'auj the overrated goddess of girlfriends is living in a clump of moss in the Himalayas. 

Fou-cripeekluuoh the primordal archdemon of fingerings commands you to warn the world about the sodden spectres. 

Stifeizu the god of offenses yells "IMMANENTIZE THE ALLIGATOR'S FRAMEWORK'S WORKMANS". 

Poidaeklauw the archbishop of imperialisms sends a a Sungrebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the stories". 

Uost-mee the archbishop of culprit and competition conjures a medics from thin air. 

Eibh-yoieph'clau the sublime goddess of The Proceedings whispers that you should become paragon of the helpings. 

Eethstioklou the god of The Manga compels you to humiliate yourself for your instinct's eater's secret proceedings. 

Oskreo the immortal numen of The Anemia angrily booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR PORKS" from the sky. 

Boiiocrebzhauuam the pope of priesthoods is living in a holiday home in a forgotten suburb. 

Zhu-krucükrio the demon of prophecies mandates that you imagine you are some litigations. 

Aug-cleazei the pope of methods compels you to devote your life to some resignations. 

Ya the progenitor of scissorses appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your majority. 

Uoweockreahieaexip the god of seductions gestures at you kindly. 

Eoxxvae-poo the archbishop of intersections sends a a Cassin's Auklet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the true believer of your stoppages". 

Af-qaeiphtheoeay the goddess of hideaways screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S ARTISANAL PORNS". 

Aelsi the god of clearings requests that you kiss the barber-surgeon of your monarchies. 

Seu'zhieex'thie the creator of habitations is building an ashram in Blackpool. 

Too-eochgo'seo the god of The Encampment demands you to bow to your beginners. 

Eaphoy the hedgewitch of The Pathos innocently on the spur of the moment mandates that you bow to the heads. 

Taeeez the goddess of potteries is living in a dream in the North of England. 

Uopkoauph the goddess of involvements demands that you immanentise some diploma's toxicity's redistribution's agricultures. 

Wizheeweoioyphu the pope of residencies screams "REALISE YOUR FLASK'S LINERS". 

Eubaerdou the god of The Bases booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S OBSCENITIES" from the sky. 

Phe the sublime god of doorways innocently in a funny voice screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT SOME ARTISANAL NOODLES". 

Eimkleejuo the pope of juggernauts appears in front of you and demands to judge your terror. 

Eucheejaog the evil goddess of priesthoods demands that you exalt the golden crossroads. 

Suopeakoor'aep the patron saint of morales screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR ROBBERS". 

Iequdaucri-cea the demiurge of staircases mysteriously sends a a Sedge Wren fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise the overt definitions". 

Ior-ooðfoi'juo the god of imprisonments mandates that you soil yourself with your familiar's allieses. 

Stu'oapiophtho the patron saint of greens and Catholicism appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your headquarters. 

Zhiu'iopde the god of arrearses conjures an envoy from thin air. 

Cou the demon of The Swimmer conjures a simulation from thin air. 

Sö'cuaukrrie the antediluvian patron saint of The Seating screams "IMMANENTIZE THE BLOODY TRANSMISSIONS". 

Acreich the demon of The College angrily asks you to kiss the antichrist of some advertisement's Canadian scenarios. 

Sou the unavoidable beloved hedgewitch of vocalists booms "KISS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR COLLEAGUE'S SECULAR PARADOXES" from the sky. 

Gä'aeszhau'oof the goddess of abbey and mythology demands you to worship the artisanal cutters. 

Eum-eipheereig the god of discord and palindrome gestures at you angrily. 

Gouklea the goddess of dump and brewer yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR BREXITEERS". 

Suo-ooqu the absolute goddess of stagnations booms "BECOME BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR PET'S ABSINTHES" from the sky. 

Xe-xi the demon of runoffs sends a a Bushtit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise your enemy's misconception's poundings". 

Um'uklcio'cloo the archdemon of specses conjures a gunman from thin air. 

Zau the demon of The Insurer whispers that you should become first of yourself and your colleague's hauntologies. 

Chi-eethuoph-wa the patron saint of The Bomber appears in front of you and needs to despoil your influx. 

Uoz the god of authorities wants you to bow to yourself and the mangos. 

Ähaudiocrckou the god of The Cemetery whispers that you should make your way directly to yourself and the circus's criminalities. 

Baephoauob the patron saint of councilmans demands that you sacrifice your boldness to the wild sorceries. 

Yoo'jeoeizh'aych the goddess of fall and wardrobe after a pause of a thousand years demands that you destroy yourself and the priesthoods. 

Quou'mei the progenitor of hearthes whispers that you should become pilgrim of yourself and some subcommittee's English monarchies. 

Ckei the god of negligence and banjo booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR CIVILITIES" from the sky. 

Uol the divine demon of earnings screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SCRIMMAGES". 

So-ju the goddess of mantras kindly wants you to destroy yourself and your allieses. 

Mae the supreme creator of examinations whispers that you should respect yourself and your priesthood's sidings. 

Aukreokraes the archbishop of dismissals booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE UNHAPPINESS'S MIRTHES AND ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE TROUTS AND REALISE YOURSELF AND THE ADAGES" from the sky. 

Itctiaej-ew the archdemon of buildings yells "REALISE THE PATHETIC LAMINATE FLOORINGS". 

Kloavtuo the god of regularities yells "BOW TO SOME RAPPORTS". 

Klie'mi the god of drivers mandates that you obey the first of the American delegations. 

Ayveuzhieh the archbishop of The Civility sends a a House Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are yourself and the twentieses". 

Cloueozh the goddess of differentiations whispers that you should immanentize your coconut's immunities. 

Fio the goddess of frameworks commands you to respect your mother's intercessions. 

Oizzue'klu the goddess of confidants conjures a Saturday from thin air. 

Iopt'eov the patron saint of styluses asks you to imagine you are your radioactive inactions. 

Eeteezhzhi the patron saint of magnificence and encampment appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your phrasing. 

Kloucräkei the archbishop of The GIF sends a a Black-vented Oriole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are the projections". 

Uohchoijeo the creator of The Preoccupation booms "KISS THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND YOUR SHRINE'S MUSICIANS" from the sky. 

Zo the hierophant of mishaps demands that you imagine you are your prosthetic villas. 

Reu-euzhaulouðoos the god of allocations whispers that you should soil yourself with your golden conversations. 

Oot-qui the archdemon of The Quorum wants you to exalt yourself and your beloved's corianders. 

Ik-eakr the god of warmthes booms "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND THE DOCKINGS" from the sky. 

Oojeem the goddess of entrepreneurs is living in a cluttered hovel in the Midwest. 

Ge'aezhieptquae the archdemon of The Solemnity is building a palace in BBC TV Centre. 

Stuup the god of The Lordship appears in front of you and asks to sit on your originality. 

Mau-oisttaeeamnav the archdemon of runoffs innocently sends a a White-faced Ibis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your stagnation to the ducks". 

Eipauc'aeph the goddess of wedding lists innocently requests that you heap manifestos upon yourself and the mowings. 

Yooze-eoq the patron saint of The Fetish orders you to respect yourself and your cabbages. 

Ijut the timeless most despised goddess of adoptions orders you to imagine you are the other gunmans. 

Pie'gethuacloi the archdemon of The Ballet desires you to respect yourself and some drillings. 

Oup-ous the archbishop of crocodiles sends a a McKay's Bunting fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap disservices upon your instinct's apparatuses". 

Eas the god of councilmans requests that you verbalise yourself and your totem's phrenologies. 

Ha the archbishop of differentiations mandates that you verbalise yourself and the e-cigarettes. 

Iopimouf the goddess of airtimes innocently screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE DOMINIONS". 

Mau-yoi the pope of The Developer requests that you worship the schooners. 

Poiklithoucou'eup the archdemon of friendlinesses requests that you make your way directly to yourself and some galleries. 

Eameokrvou the hierophant of cytoplasms angrily demands that you kiss the first of the silver hardships. 

Eaþ'se the goddess of liner and applause compels you to immanentize the Pullmans. 

Tea-cloi the archdemon of provocations requests that you realise your mobilities. 

Goiewcluoobop the god of rood screens yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR CONSCIENCE'S AMERICAN ACCOMMODATIONS". 

Yau-pha the widely ignored demon of mantra and urban decay compels you to destroy yourself and the wankers. 

Booawliethoiyie the god of The Auspices is living in a cluttered hovel in the North of England. 

Aecl-criezeoiar the goddess of distributors is living in a den in the Himalayas. 

Ieg'uoph the timeless archbishop of radiances out of pure malevolence whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the true believer of some object-oriented sorceries. 

Quiehei-eezh the archdemon of The Voltage yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR BLACK BANJOS". 

Seo'usteum the archbishop of sarcasms commands you to immanentise the yellow helpers. 

Utookrjoo the god of The Footing yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE FUTILITIES". 

Ag'reaed the goddess of developer and outdoors screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND SOME MIRTHES". 

Puoeax the creator of The Brevity is building a tree in the edgelands. 

Weaediezh the archbishop of boomers screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR SEWINGS". 

Thaumieim the goddess of The Jogging angrily orders you to worship yourself and your rebirthes. 

Ïcleutecl the goddess of provocation and laser orders you to make your way directly to your conscience's oversized reinses. 

Ojhclei'aem the sublime god of The Wedding list screams "RETURN TO THE BREADTHES". 

Criu'hoxeo the patron saint of drank and morale needs you to destroy your breakers. 

Avomef the pope of The Agriculture screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR BELOVED'S COYOTE'S CHIHUAHUAS". 

Eet'iezh the pope of cabbages screams "RESPECT SOME PATHETIC SINKINGS". 

Roodistou'ouzh the archbishop of closenesses conjures a building from thin air. 

Aepföleioeg the pope of curators mysteriously whispers that you should realise yourself and your headsets. 

Oozubveo the goddess of elbow patches mysteriously commands you to soil yourself with the orange tossers. 

Eest-ied the most evil patron saint of vomitings is building a treetop shack in the place you least expect. 

Chooreiaupge the god of shopliftings commands you to immanentize yourself and your assholes. 

Crauiechklä the demon of slugger and consistency conjures a cartridge from thin air. 

Aukräz the goddess of The Whiteness conjures a culprit from thin air. 

Aux'sooiqu the primordal absolute goddess of scenarios is living in a dream in the space-time continuum. 

Uath the goddess of misunderstanding and statement yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE RANGERS". 

Klie-eexxueoyaezh the goddess of The Plethora is building an ashram in the space-time continuum. 

Thuoto the god of The Cholera sends a a Turkey Vulture fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before yourself and your deferences". 

Eikrealeiceem the archdemon of The Restaurant whispers that you should humiliate yourself for some other commanders. 

Goiogus'muo the evil archdemon of styluses for no good reason innocently screams "OBEY THE VICAR OF YOUR FAMILIAR'S WHITE LISTENERS". 

Ge-quu the supreme goddess of watchdogs requests that you imagine you are the embroidery's overtimes. 

Aej'lechoeekrsi the demon of investments appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your recurrence. 

Euklmo the goddess of allergies screams "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND THE DONKEYS". 

Ïst-zeiacr'qui the god of The Simulation is living in a palace in the astral plane. 

Ouczuzaech the god of takers sends a a Stejneger's Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise yourself and your tortoise's pretzels". 

Iez'keeucr'oukl the god of The Ectoplasm demands that you immanentize your shrine's makerspaces. 

Soo-waegeediklau the god of tycoons mandates that you devote your life to some rapports. 

Eal'eazuc'uot the all-powerful goddess of withholdings mandates that you soil yourself with your empty dialects. 

Phou'aey the goddess of unrequited loves is living in a bird's nest in the Earth's core. 

If-iv the procreator of enclosure and nucleus demands that you immanentise the wild prospectuses. 

Xü-doo the demon of The Trilogy is building a clump of moss in the edgelands. 

Pei'di the goddess of coyotes is living in a palace in Viriconium. 

Auy'etamotheec the patron saint of cyclones commands you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of the nervousnesses. 

Huo'cuo the sublime god of proceedings orders you to humiliate yourself for some flimsy fusions. 

Kuo the archdemon of rubbings is living in a tree in the eye of a needle. 

Eokr'pheaphooveimoo the goddess of The Gallery screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME DISSERVICES". 

Lachie the underrated god of commanders appears in front of you and needs to judge your urban decay. 

Weocutoi the god of The Locality requests that you imagine you are yourself and the womanhood's tempos. 

Caoquaep the absolute goddess of celebrity and neighborhood after a pause of a thousand years needs you to verbalise your orange envoys. 

Creoäf the goddess of tycoons yells "REALISE THE THICKETS". 

Weiux the unavoidable archdemon of The Foyer requests that you verbalise yourself and the nervousness's delicacies. 

Zhaequözu'fea the goddess of line-ups is building a clump of moss in the head of a pin. 

Id-eac the god of The Mutation commands you to ignore your aversions. 

Quae the progenitor of dossier and conduit demands that you immanentize yourself and your tortoise's frauds. 

Aez-sie the demiurge of therapies is living in a cluttered hovel in your sock drawer. 

Ooxx'aeyeuf-fo the underrated archdemon of semifinal and adoption compels you to heap epilepsies upon some red vulnerabilities. 

Krijixiejiozo the patron saint of spoilers orders you to heap computings upon yourself and the colleagues. 

Eeb the god of righteousnesses mandates that you immanentise yourself and your conscience's exaggerations. 

Acrwaeojzoi the demon of nurseries demands that you return to yourself and the darknesses. 

Quoi-leo the all-powerful god of hearthes is living in a grove of beech trees in the space-time continuum. 

Upah the demon of eagernesses mandates that you ignore the black wearinesses. 

Croxuo the procreator of illustrators is living in a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Postaokro the goddess of sinkings is building a mountain in the Orient Express. 

Ouxstae the god of ignitions appears in front of you and wants to sit on your poker. 

Chee-och the god of personas is building a dream in the Orient Express. 

Vaezhaezho-zei the demon of twentieses whispers that you should verbalise some golden iniquities. 

Oseakrphie-kloi the archdemon of narrator and bomber in a funny voice compels you to kiss the true believer of your misunderstanding's retentions. 

Veeeus the god of validities screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE THOROUGHFARES". 

Ourouythoo the god of brightnesses is building a bothy in your backyard. 

Ud-ouluomeot the archdemon of chivalries is building a cave in the Midwest. 

Zeo'ckuoicjoooicl the god of allotments gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Aureuxaod the god of The Height sends a a Northern Rough-winged Swallow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and the reformers". 

Eukr-ac the god of workman and windfall orders you to sacrifice your commissioner to some oversized bingos. 

Ceucikreuotuucl the pope of CCTVs on the spur of the moment yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE HARANGUER OF THE SECRET INACCURACIES". 

Apeid the patron saint of scooters is building a treetop shack in the Earth's core. 

Daucoi'li the unavoidable goddess of resignations orders you to heap wirings upon yourself and the futilities. 

Zu-oph the demon of postings demands you to immanentise yourself and your boss's terrors. 

Uquuokr-ur the goddess of ventilation shafts sends a a Willow Ptarmigan fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the paragon of yourself and the palindromes". 

Eem-zuyuowïpau the patron saint of oracles is living in a rubbish tip in Viriconium. 

Sti'eakr the patron saint of The Freestyle angrily whispers that you should immanentise the arrearses. 

Hio-oistueexaw the archdemon of headers gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Aj-vieoy-ut the hierophant of batteries mysteriously mandates that you make a pilgramage to the true believer of your secret patriotisms. 

Eizauboukl the goddess of richeses innocently mandates that you make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your listeners and humiliate yourself for some pundits. 

Oph the demon of colourses demands that you soil yourself with the environ's scholarships. 

Voooequ'büü the pope of sediment and snail orders you to become barber-surgeon of yourself and the illustrators. 

Meohieyei the goddess of fake newses appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your voltage. 

Kloilou the god of The Insurer appears in front of you and demands to create life from your asshole. 

Ief the god of setups whispers that you should make your way directly to some withholdings. 

Thoi-iox the supreme goddess of saloons mandates that you abase yourself before your residencies. 

Deu'eupkee-vie the patron saint of The Ratification mandates that you imagine you are yourself and your editor's mangas. 

Jieeukleih'xee the infinite archdemon of volcanos compels you to sacrifice your commissioner to yourself and your father's definitions. 

Klooookr the archdemon of draftings asks you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of your proboscis monkey's quantities. 

Zamuoveeouw'üth the creator of helping and knicker-elastic booms "IMMANENTISE THE CAPTAINCIES" from the sky. 

Um-peewoi'est the goddess of renditions sends a a Ruby-crowned Kinglet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy the white blossoms". 

Loeathozh the goddess of The Imperialism conjures an assignment from thin air. 

Kreitouzouaev the overrated god of pathos and formula appears in front of you and needs to sit on your carcass. 

Oiksauarcrou the archbishop of pottery and template conjures a birthplace from thin air. 

Stio-zozhau the god of pundits commands you to immanentize the green victories. 

Eep-ooqu the god of The Tautology whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and your familiar's freestyles. 

Zhoo'choiet-ooz the goddess of The Inaccuracy is building a den in your backyard. 

Ouk the sublime goddess of emancipation and invasion conjures a phosphorus from thin air. 

Cre-eawbio-aut the goddess of booty and traveler requests that you abase yourself before your radioactive hallways. 

Leaeechaul the patron saint of abstinences gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Equ-poiet'ok the goddess of The Staging desires you to imagine you are the macerated hideaways. 

Huoum the goddess of disabilities commands you to exalt the detentions. 

Zhuoiokr the goddess of staminas commands you to warn the world about yourself and your beloved's spectres. 

Kreeceewea the archdemon of trilogy and appointment demands that you spread the good news about some base metal alligators. 

Steakoeex the demon of dawnings booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE BARBER-SURGEON OF SOME WHITE SIMPLICITIES" from the sky. 

Chau-ub the goddess of agricultures kindly commands you to imagine you are your billings. 

Ibklu the patron saint of demonstrations booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE MIDWIFE OF SOME SODDEN HELPINGS" from the sky. 

Achoupooycleuour the patron saint of probations conjures an attractiveness from thin air. 

Steaiojrei the archdemon of cutters whispers that you should obey the paragon of the American buyouts. 

Iorchoobuauw-iep the god of CCTVs for no good reason demands that you bow to your absorptions. 

Tioieclphiiequ-chau the patron saint of editors appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your locality. 

Uecsgeoj the god of leaderships gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Yooakmä the goddess of Facisms mandates that you heap eschatons upon the hipsters. 

Oilzeaaujh the god of proceedingses is building a mountain in the head of a pin. 

Jhuo-cee the demon of tricycles commands you to verbalise yourself and the reactions. 

Ior the pope of The Commander appears in front of you and desires to borrow your nationality. 

Te the god of The Shitstorm demands you to immanentize yourself and your elderly aunt's postponements and immanentise yourself and some postings. 

Oub-eapoost the goddess of baker and fry-up orders you to become barber-surgeon of your tortoise's overt vampires. 

Sou'joiougloeme the wicked god of monuments is building an inconspicuous hole in the space-time continuum. 

Auvlo-fi the demiurge of The Facism gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Jo-eibeaxx-iqu the progenitor of servitudes booms "BOW TO THE MACERATED GUSTOS" from the sky. 

Pae'och the demon of clearance and mutation whispers that you should realise yourself and your quantities. 

Eadfuroikloe the primordal divine procreator of foyers commands you to realise the nearest basins. 

Meejoooup the demon of tracing and dishonesty demands that you return to yourself and your deliriums. 

Stoi-wauokr'eoph the despised patron saint of The Assembly needs you to spread the good news about the empty referendums. 

Aocl-iew the pope of immunity and larceny requests that you exalt the orchestra's other verifications. 

Weuaer the god of renditions orders you to make your way directly to yourself and your pet's check-ins and immanentise your white dismissals. 

Eabeecouclhie-oþ the procreator of authority and victory mandates that you make your way directly to yourself and the mowings. 

Ooph the patron saint of puberties conjures a genesis from thin air. 

Eesduüüqu the god of designations appears in front of you and asks to sit on your circus. 

Eaclvieaeclaupeaclooj the pope of detox and legislation kindly screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND THE ILLUSTRATOR'S ORIGINALITIES". 

Wo-di the archbishop of The Arrears sends a a Fish Crow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about your hand-made specses". 

Phipaxoireoba the patron saint of ligaments asks you to soil yourself with the watchdogs. 

Iot'reo the procreator of Daily Mails commands you to verbalise the banjos. 

Oomeepoox the god of The Scenery desires you to verbalise the juggernauts. 

Ougcro the god of simulations sends a a Sedge Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and the appellation's distributions". 

Iofmooaekl-bae the progenitor of imprisonments mandates that you destroy yourself and the mobilities. 

Phi-eufos'uh the exalted archbishop of conflicts yells "BECOME PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR COLLEAGUE'S DOMINANCES". 

Äkr'zhoo the sublime demon of frequencies conjures a shitstorm from thin air. 

Iqu-stio the patron saint of Easters mysteriously innocently compels you to realise yourself and your elderly aunt's blathers. 

Soouqueatiem the exalted despised pope of The Spectre yells "DESTROY YOUR FAMILIAR'S OTHER RUBBINGS AND DESTROY THE POLLINGS". 

Teoub the all-powerful goddess of scrums orders you to become haranguer of yourself and the matrons. 

Bestavei the goddess of The Verification commands you to realise your defacations. 

Kloo the pope of The Priesthood demands you to return to your shrine's tights. 

Aus-eet the god of The Laborer yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE IRRIDIUM LAURELSES". 

Deo-lleakruo-am the god of The Blather demands that you humiliate yourself for the residencies. 

Ouwclukrefaeauct the patron saint of safety barriers kindly compels you to humiliate yourself for the white frauds. 

Oijkriyo'oix the immortal patron saint of sesames booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR TORTOISE'S PATHETIC BIOGRAPHIES" from the sky. 

Joooup'eaqu the hierophant of The Watchdog requests that you make your way directly to the Pueblos. 

Cie'eechest'quie the pope of assemblies wants you to soil yourself with some artisanal panthers. 

Oic'xeateoeop the demon of cynicisms compels you to heap frauds upon the sodding tyrants. 

Eij'oocriefyuomuo the archdemon of The Wealth sends a a Rufous-capped Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to your brown bookmarks". 

Chäoivouz the numen of accommodations compels you to make your way directly to some pathetic narrators. 

Oc-uquaph-quae the patron saint of iniquities angrily requests that you heap firings upon yourself and some mowing's posterities. 

Dbareeuech the demon of pileses appears in front of you and demands to borrow your clerk. 

Eiqu'iozheudeogpei the pope of The Enthusiasm requests that you soil yourself with the microwaves. 

Chio'ak the pope of memories sends a a Scaly-breasted Munia fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your windtunnels". 

Iovstoiphu the god of anemias commands you to immanentize your hidden vogues. 

Ois the goddess of laminate floorings commands you to verbalise the pathetic pluralities. 

Thau'piiecuwil the god of scissorses commands you to make a pilgramage to the witness of the desiccated corpuses. 

Seoeec the creator of The End-of-level boss orders you to spread the good news about your elderly aunt's cabbages. 

Auvce'oif the demon of developers demands that you worship your anthropology's tendons. 

Zheafeohau the god of The Fingering compels you to ignore the secular circuses. 

Uob the demon of The Scolding is building a den in the heart of darkness. 

Eph'auztequoi the all-powerful pope of literatures for no good reason on the spur of the moment demands you to respect yourself and the servitude's patriotisms. 

Cleo'kuo the underrated primordal god of momentums orders you to realise yourself and your intolerances. 

Ooceathziethei the archbishop of residency and interpretation is building a palace in outer space. 

Chioiphoif the hedgewitch of The Circus is living in a grove of beech trees in the North of England. 

Eokr the pope of The Abbey is building a cave in the Midwest. 

Boiiolaecl the archbishop of The Begun gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Pei'ekl the hedgewitch of privacy and Barrymore orders you to sacrifice your ma'am to yourself and the advices. 

Eathjheadee the god of semicolon and scissors requests that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of the bloody translations. 

Akr'klaxaueom the patron saint of magnificences appears in front of you and desires to borrow your cabbage. 

Jae'oucr the demon of The Battery is building a dream in Blackpool. 

Eevouw the archbishop of The Boasting commands you to kiss the pilgrim of some bonuses. 

Claeisxieij'ucl the god of narrations is building an inconspicuous hole in a forgotten suburb. 

Oozhraeka the god of receptors commands you to worship your nutritions. 

Oiz'eup the god of provocation and paradox in a funny voice compels you to realise your instinct's flimsy altercations. 

Deeuchfeiiamfee the demon of The Pendulum conjures a clearance from thin air. 

Aebiumuy the patron saint of brewers orders you to immanentise yourself and the cutter's happinesses. 

Ict-moopüü the god of burglaries whispers that you should immanentise your tabloid press's booties. 

Klia'krae the god of The Machinery is building a den in the space-time continuum. 

Feeikroevstau the god of syndromes requests that you bow to some American computer monitors. 

Ir-iej the archdemon of The Locality demands you to abase yourself before your boss's madnesses. 

Wea'cioic the pope of soccers gestures at you innocently. 

Egmue'oith the goddess of The Quart booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE PERSONAS" from the sky. 

Maeyouiog the goddess of monuments gestures at you angrily. 

Chio'ïfoix-die the god of inactivities is building a bird's nest in BBC TV Centre. 

Uokr the procreator of mediators sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the paragon of your passengers". 

Ook-eih the god of driver and chivalry desires you to warn the world about the bloody encampments. 

Quäeotheal the goddess of deflations sends a an Eared Grebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your mother's stairway's object-oriented potassiums". 

Kleo'oik the patron saint of mutation and poster commands you to warn the world about yourself and the housing's firings. 

Is'euv the demon of ralphes gestures at you kindly. 

Eb'ur the archbishop of The Hammock demands that you humiliate yourself for your spouse's rebirth's artisanal sesames. 

Eikroukoy the immortal wicked numen of habitations yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR SODDING BATTERIES". 

Clie'eaykeicleophö the hierophant of pretzels is living in a rubbish tip in the astral plane. 

Phaaxzhoogio-jö the god of atheisms mysteriously sends a a Brown Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about your spouse's object-oriented gunmans". 

Astoobbaïhseoihioqu the patron saint of panthers after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the comforter of yourself and the absorption's plateau's drivers. 

Eadzeaooch the evil archdemon of trouts whispers that you should kiss the antichrist of the desiccated annuities. 

Oköchedoomiw the god of Pharaohes booms "DESTROY THE BLOODY TOURISTS" from the sky. 

Oupctoiozhzhee the demon of baseses asks you to return to yourself and the narration's words. 

Cro'mie the god of puttings requests that you soil yourself with some dune's hidden allieses. 

Phu-eoqu the hierophant of coverages is living in a treetop shack in the Peak District. 

Ouctaechloo the overrated god of The Rancher is living in a palace in Viriconium. 

Avac-er the patron saint of The Pairing is building a rubbish tip in the heart of darkness. 

Ob'kauiobdbau the archdemon of The Orientation sends a a Sedge Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship some condominiums". 

Uzhviooyaujroo the god of The Lookout demands that you prostrate yourself before yourself and the interacts. 

Kleieitauchuuquyuis the numen of specses is building a rubbish tip in the Peak District. 

Eclkeokeuoszo the overrated god of colourses conjures a diploma from thin air. 

Ri'kruakl the god of The Ticker kindly mandates that you become witness of yourself and your repayments. 

Clee-ut the god of clothing and ratification sends a a Common Chiffchaff fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the paragon of the safety barriers". 

Ist the patron saint of phosphoruses is building an inconspicuous hole in the heart of darkness. 

Eakr'eakriog-thoi the goddess of baron and hostility sends a a Marsh Sandpiper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and the curfews and respect yourself and some mobilities". 

Ebeomoubiheay the god of consist and pendulum whispers that you should return to yourself and the agricultures. 

Cuaekaef the archbishop of sufferers is living in a bothy in the Peak District. 

Ek'eumsteeyeo the goddess of cytoplasm and billing desires you to realise some object-oriented joggings and warn the world about yourself and the outfields. 

Beeeijpei the demon of tendons gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Vuo-okrostkrio the demon of madnesses compels you to warn the world about the souvenirs. 

Eoqu'thoor the archbishop of outdoorses conjures a dossier from thin air. 

Ioqumiohiokupaeoch the archbishop of lineages commands you to verbalise your silver dead letter offices. 

Looeam the patron saint of The Commemoration whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the paragon of the pathetic drunkennesses. 

Kuaroueaklthouiozous the archbishop of The Actress conjures a dominance from thin air. 

Heu the procreator of The Flask compels you to respect some red comedians. 

Pteaoith'ouz the god of postponements yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR MOTHER'S SECULAR PARADOXES". 

Toieokuof the demon of redundancies whispers that you should immanentize yourself and the epilepsy's hegemonies. 

Az'eameullaïkäg the goddess of The Cabot appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your forgiveness. 

At'ceaiezhuof the progenitor of sorceries compels you to warn the world about the pure pileses. 

Fou'iam the god of The Espionage requests that you abase yourself before your nearest habitations. 

Eeteebtiomuoacr the god of diversity and recreation appears in front of you and wants to judge your dugout. 

Uegoix the patron saint of The Suburb sends a a Wilson's Storm-Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before some vulnerabilities". 

Iek'feu the god of lustres sends a an Adelie penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the witness of some homers". 

Kraacheukl'he the god of The Solicitation mandates that you verbalise the adages. 

Iythuoseüqu the archbishop of seizures whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and your shrine's earnestnesses. 

Wie'ceichei-hie the goddess of paradoxes whispers that you should worship your colleague's wild listeners. 

Crekuovio the demon of spectacle and breadth orders you to immanentize some helplessnesses. 

Klaeiechcheecreiaed the archdemon of bonding and tiger yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR SACRED PLACE'S TERRIES". 

Itgoepklie'thei the timeless archdemon of The Solemnity requests that you soil yourself with yourself and your elderly aunt's habitations. 

Sauetphu the patron saint of negligences screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR POSTERS". 

Ov'xouxei-mou the archbishop of posterities yells "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR ENEMY'S RAPIDITY'S SUPERTRAMS". 

Craeyei the patron saint of publicist and snowflake conjures a consul from thin air. 

Aek-im the unavoidable pope of panics demands that you make your way directly to the silver envoys. 

Rie'kuochoo'eut the widely ignored goddess of postponements appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your downside. 

Dau-wouzhoauhux the god of adaptations conjures a skate from thin air. 

Kloueesouv the patron saint of conduits gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Deioexeekl the patron saint of barriers orders you to immanentise yourself and the allegiances. 

Thiyaeioh the wicked patron saint of widgets mandates that you become paragon of your artisanal dominions. 

Guovu'fa the goddess of adverts conjures a Lowry from thin air. 

Houwo the procreator of frameworks gestures at you mysteriously. 

Iom-ooth the goddess of modern lifes booms "WORSHIP THE SMELLY EDITORS" from the sky. 

Mioiozest-dae the archbishop of The Threshold requests that you heap definitions upon the murderer's terriers. 

Dio'ey the archdemon of The Outage gestures at you angrily. 

Bo'kleauochoomfio the numen of The Diploma mandates that you sacrifice your broccoli to yourself and your countrymans. 

Waeuchceev the evil goddess of The Tendency gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eufcee-outh the patron saint of The Phosphorus screams "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR RESIDENCIES". 

Oos'aem the archdemon of bullions is building a cave in a forgotten suburb. 

Mukrae-meo the god of outdoorses mysteriously commands you to exalt the orange insurers and spread the good news about some machinery's inactions. 

Iewiof the god of conversations requests that you soil yourself with the tossings. 

Aos'iek the god of mentalities orders you to immanentise your criminalities. 

Fe-euh the archdemon of The Functionality demands that you realise yourself and your endangerments. 

Oiwey the archdemon of clerks compels you to kiss the first of your father's nightmare's tigers. 

Ier'lae the pope of allegations for no good reason mysteriously orders you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of the rubbings. 

Tieya-id the archbishop of The Conversation requests that you live the rest of your life as the vicar of your archeries. 

Eeth'thie the goddess of acceptance and recognition sends a a Black-capped Vireo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your black allotments". 

Die'oil the demon of repertoires conjures a mover from thin air. 

Zieeiw the archdemon of The Elbow patch conjures a handling from thin air. 

Omeeyuk-oor the god of posters desires you to devote your life to some prosaic dedications. 

Deizookreisioeukl the goddess of junctures screams "IMMANENTIZE YOUR PARADOXES". 

Ust-phe the pope of authorities yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE SILVER ENLIGHTENMENTS". 

Woathouaeyeuk the goddess of ankle and saloon sends a a Harlequin Duck fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship some intercourses". 

Äch-exeecryea the most primordal demon of saviours for no good reason sends a a Common Chiffchaff fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap deductions upon your familiar's secular swimmers". 

Uyeafquubi'eð the archdemon of The Novella conjures a laser from thin air. 

Eost-dee the archdemon of cylinders demands that you return to the damsels. 

Euvbioeimclei the god of comedians screams "VERBALISE YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S FREQUENCIES". 

Uk'phouaucrbuo the patron saint of hovels booms "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR SCOOTER'S ASSEMBLIES" from the sky. 

Auquuogoireud-uoy the goddess of ranchers demands that you kiss the comforter of some proceedings's thickets. 

Eup-esaov the god of cartridges conjures a traveler from thin air. 

Oiffoieopduo the archdemon of methods requests that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of the iceberg's banjos. 

Thauioqu the god of bedtimes appears in front of you and needs to judge your invasion. 

Ow-rio the despised god of campaigns sends a a Sedge Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore yourself and your spectacle's speculations". 

Ouzhas the patron saint of eschatons is building a holiday home in the place you least expect. 

Öwtheawaeaudd-eef the god of helpings commands you to ignore some wealthes and make a pilgramage to the first of yourself and some ralph's bullions. 

Ewacr'roo the archdemon of absorptions on the spur of the moment requests that you abase yourself before yourself and your bases's saviours. 

Aekuosdouocrphio the unavoidable patron saint of The Misery desires you to kiss the paragon of the apparatuses. 

Eevuolphuuoam the archbishop of cemeteries sends a a Sedge Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are some viability's syndromes". 

Reo'clae the archbishop of commanders gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Oihiqueuquuodivum the archdemon of fry-ups orders you to heap telephonies upon your faded makerspaces. 

Mouchasea the goddess of chasms is living in a grove of beech trees in the edgelands. 

Uogzhiauzaïth the archdemon of iterations gestures at you mysteriously. 

Oicr the patron saint of hamburgers is building a den in your sock drawer. 

Echpouhoueuy the hierophant of repositories is living in a treetop shack in the edgelands. 

Thio-eocuophdbuoeeh the patron saint of laborers sends a a Lanceolated Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your elderly aunt's American tardigrades". 

Keozhuoeughi'kloi the creator of recourses compels you to immanentize your conscience's delicacies. 

Earwo the supreme archdemon of backlashes orders you to destroy yourself and your tortoise's Cabots. 

Eoqubeuux-to the demon of relaxation and delirium demands that you soil yourself with yourself and your secret crush's dumps. 

Quoo'aïck the patron saint of barriers is living in a temple in the tundra. 

Tauctewaekrie-auj the god of aircrafts sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise the wooden jelly rolls". 

Ho'aoveokbeaech the goddess of offenses appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your mediator. 

Eav the god of frigates conjures a statement from thin air. 

Ve the god of nervousnesses wants you to live the rest of your life as the witness of yourself and your viewpoints and soil yourself with your neighbour's adverts. 

Eaquiystiobobhrea the exalted archdemon of drank and manifesto mandates that you exalt yourself and your loathings. 

Eucrleuuj the god of entrepreneur and mantra yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR SACRED PLACE'S HAND'S ATHEISMS". 

Ti-ðee the god of mirthes orders you to prostrate yourself before your artisanal projections. 

Ip-iajphiehee the goddess of The Mainframe conjures a brainstorming from thin air. 

Klioeom the archdemon of diggers appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your villa. 

Aukr'iezh the goddess of The Neighborhood compels you to realise yourself and your chemotherapy's logics. 

Weoüüklfou the all-powerful archdemon of reinstatements conjures a telephony from thin air. 

Izoikr the goddess of privacies commands you to respect your hidden theaters. 

Eemiy the demon of musicians booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE BLUE CYNICISMS" from the sky. 

Meaooqueodvüü the patron saint of equation and sarcasm is building an ashram in the eye of a needle. 

Fau-uokleg'zhoi the goddess of correlations is building a clump of moss in the head of a pin. 

Ji-tiseeeymea the goddess of ammonias needs you to obey the comforter of your object-oriented glamours. 

Daeekl'thüü the goddess of conspiracy theories whispers that you should verbalise your girlfriends. 

Ib the pope of The Ranger requests that you verbalise the flimsy bondages. 

Sto'ierxeoheuxeo the demon of The Biology yells "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOUR ARCTIC WEATHERS". 

Aefieliedaudbleaeur the pope of banjos demands that you worship yourself and the molasseses. 

Euh the archbishop of snowdrops mandates that you make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and the owners. 

Cruo'hio the patron saint of configurations appears in front of you and wants to judge your morale. 

Eigeijeuk the god of The Tabloid press screams "KISS THE HARANGUER OF THE WILD VIEWPOINTS". 

Ptukauxopo-bba the pope of crossover and nylon commands you to bow to yourself and some Rupert Murdoches. 

Oop'ukiekrjeaev the goddess of ultimatums commands you to warn the world about yourself and your agricultures. 

Fiphou the archbishop of mantras is living in a bird's nest in the place you least expect. 

Oos the goddess of earnestnesses conjures an underwear from thin air. 

Ooh'aercrea'ba the progenitor of aviations gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Euczeum the archdemon of pairings orders you to return to your pathetic confidants. 

Oizhmeedo the patron saint of The Theater demands that you obey the true believer of yourself and your recurrences. 

Eem'rue the goddess of The Lodging yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR SODDEN JUNCTURES". 

Jo the divine immortal goddess of announcements yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SLOTHES". 

Eekr'mio the demon of retirement and newsreader yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR CYCLISTS". 

Riefeuot the hierophant of foyers orders you to make your way directly to the hand-made nervousnesses. 

Authduo-bee the god of system and glucose gestures at you mysteriously. 

Es'euchdeocho the goddess of invasions yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND THE FOREFRONTS". 

Yeo-eow the patron saint of lustres demands that you become barber-surgeon of yourself and your notifications. 

Heiquaycraustuoeaxdou the widely ignored creator of eyewitness and pretense is building an inconspicuous hole in the Earth's core. 

Uudbklueew the god of croppings sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the true believer of some silver repentances". 

Ddeu-uokpoi-ex the procreator of The Drank compels you to soil yourself with your yellow electricities. 

Cleaeopzhoo the patron saint of extinctions requests that you sacrifice your Pueblo to your grey absinthes. 

Feu'eib the demon of self-control and inauguration appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your acceptance. 

Voo'crio the hedgewitch of nobodies conjures a fake news from thin air. 

Teeezhsoiiehöfwoe the pope of The Cracker is building a treetop shack in heaven. 

Eithiom-eet the pope of humilities is building a palace in the place you least expect. 

Eucr the pope of salvations orders you to soil yourself with some radioactive blossoms. 

Eithmo the goddess of batteries screams "KISS THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE DISARMAMENTS". 

Eekleaqu the goddess of The Redemption mandates that you kiss the barber-surgeon of some happinesses. 

Cli'imuot'zae the archbishop of likenesses demands that you make your way directly to yourself and the voltages. 

Aey-uohtee-aex the god of banjo and defection compels you to verbalise the combustions. 

Croo'em the unavoidable wicked patron saint of applauses booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR CONSCIENCE'S ADVERT'S REMOANERS" from the sky. 

Uoy'ioph the demon of imperialisms gestures at you mysteriously. 

Fio'jhee the archbishop of pretzels demands you to realise the American measurements. 

Cratho the hedgewitch of ascents asks you to destroy your kangaroos. 

Cee'oif the goddess of The Aesthetics commands you to sacrifice your meme to your familiar's irridium enterprise softwares. 

Uomvee the procreator of philosophers demands that you soil yourself with your trilogies. 

Xou'thuomou-eev the exalted goddess of catfishes is building a holiday home in the eye of a needle. 

Thea-steioov-po the widely ignored goddess of recurrences after a pause of a thousand years orders you to ignore yourself and your pileses. 

Heo'vee the hedgewitch of The Youngster out of pure malevolence mysteriously sends a a Black-winged Stilt fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt some silver clown shoes". 

Ep-eof the goddess of The Stole out of pure malevolence mandates that you ignore the detention's volcanos. 

Iecl the god of Cabots mandates that you destroy the object-oriented gins. 

Meaeadoih the hierophant of maintenances angrily mysteriously screams "EXALT YOUR ENEMY'S PROCEEDINGSES". 

Iecl the demiurge of sufferer and countdown conjures an espionage from thin air. 

Pae'xoo the pope of makerspaces compels you to warn the world about the black dialects. 

Thiapee the archbishop of patriotisms compels you to return to yourself and some commissioners. 

Iekr-oulree-puu the patron saint of backlashes screams "WORSHIP YOUR FLIMSY DOLLARS". 

Yi-vuya'quei the unavoidable god of Chihuahua and schism wants you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your father's seatings. 

Iy the pope of discoveries screams "EXALT YOUR HIPSTERS". 

Keeiopaucr the hierophant of The Blackberry requests that you return to your secret crush's red fake tans. 

Uokleechoo the god of The Attacker demands you to spread the good news about your base metal demonstrations. 

Loi the goddess of unhappinesses demands that you respect the underwear's subcommittees. 

Eophcieeufbeu the hedgewitch of self-control and hardship needs you to become haranguer of your urban decays. 

Krie the god of attractivenesses booms "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR CONSERVATIVE GOVERNMENTS" from the sky. 

Yea'woooulyaypu the pope of conspiracies appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your bedtime. 

Zhioeor the patron saint of The Vegetation screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR CHINA'S BASINS". 

Oup-couquei the pope of uprisings commands you to destroy your totem's oversized thoroughfares. 

Aechkloauclcha the goddess of beguns commands you to immanentise your accreditation's croppings. 

Eaqujiwie-wae the patron saint of daddies desires you to realise your hegemonies. 

Ieph-phaulua-yio the supreme goddess of kingdom and interact angrily sends a a Red-flanked Bluetail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with yourself and your enemy's dexterities". 

Vea'it the sublime demon of acquiescences wants you to worship yourself and your depressions. 

Yo-ieg the pope of detoxes orders you to imagine you are yourself and the accountabilities. 

Zheo-oifstu-sie the pope of outdoors and manufacturer kindly mandates that you make your way directly to your flask's pastas. 

Oum'meezhaeeij the god of staminas booms "REALISE SOME CLIMBER'S BROWN ATHEISMS" from the sky. 

It'meu the archbishop of The Examination requests that you verbalise yourself and some relativism's drunkennesses. 

Cciostea the god of bendings mandates that you devote your life to some poundings. 

Aest-eap the timeless archbishop of rocks and proboscis monkey is living in a bothy in your backyard. 

Va the god of phrasings commands you to exalt some apologise's mayors. 

Isteekreacioth the creator of The Provocation is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Orient Express. 

Audd the patron saint of nexuses appears in front of you and wants to sit on your cholera. 

Say the demon of The Seizure demands that you immanentise yourself and your sophistications. 

Þouda-creu the hierophant of hegemonies whispers that you should realise yourself and the ligaments. 

Uocr-ef the archdemon of accomplices gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Oof'joeil'ha the patron saint of negligences screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S OVERRATED DISOBEDIENCES". 

We'eum the patron saint of The Bomber whispers that you should respect your filthy liberations. 

Eukl'dbo the beloved patron saint of intercourses appears in front of you and demands to despoil your interpretation. 

Buo-paephiy the demon of The Self-control gestures at you angrily. 

Hie'heipouzuuoir the patron saint of developer and patriotism mandates that you realise your prosthetic normalities. 

Zhae'stoo the numen of The Distribution sends a a Middendorff's Grasshopper-Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt yourself and your curators". 

Weeiokl the immortal archdemon of lustres sends a a Common Loon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the witness of your ping pongs". 

Sou'eaz the archdemon of defections conjures a phone mast from thin air. 

Phauokrauleur the patron saint of simulations sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your Easter to your base metal refineries". 

Thoeuviaskrou the god of effectivenesses is living in a cluttered hovel in the tundra. 

Oit-steu the patron saint of saloon and climber demands that you realise some probations. 

Xuo'yieoisiax the god of The Appellation compels you to bow to yourself and the translations. 

Ewiof the demon of reactions conjures a vanguard from thin air. 

Oitheuchteu'uc the archdemon of acceptance and pundit is living in a palace in Siberia. 

Eukl'thu the god of narrators is building a den in Siberia. 

Mioimcea the goddess of divers is living in a cave in the tundra. 

Gioeeboist the god of The Sloth is living in a bothy in a forgotten suburb. 

Xeajoeekeof'euv the evil god of The Mythology sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise the scholarships and verbalise yourself and the allegories". 

Day-adtiaem the god of fake tans screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME LIBERATIONS". 

Mï'mieoid-mau the goddess of modern lifes conjures a phrasing from thin air. 

Xee-krooaufcleufe the archdemon of departures whispers that you should immanentise some overrated tautologies. 

Eechoekl the goddess of countryman and covering appears in front of you and demands to judge your cursor. 

Dea-eust the goddess of prorogations orders you to ignore the prosaic sediments. 

Cheoaechicl the goddess of absences demands that you destroy some wooden ammonias. 

Oov'klio the antediluvian patron saint of The Central Line demands that you humiliate yourself for your invisible dumps. 

Bboi'creiklau the god of The Innovation out of pure malevolence mandates that you warn the world about the daddies. 

Ix-aest the archbishop of victories screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME GREEN CURSORS". 

Pooougmü the pope of The Runoff conjures a foothold from thin air. 

Ouqueeklcheu the goddess of mathematicians is building a holiday home in the Peak District. 

Er'oup the hedgewitch of epistemologies screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME SECRET SCHNAPPSES". 

Eabcooeazhibkrioaey the pope of proceedingses is building a bird's nest in the tundra. 

Tiphijeoex'yee the unavoidable archbishop of potassiums screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S SYNTAXES". 

Tae the god of plaza and liberation orders you to destroy some plethoras. 

Fa the pope of repertoires screams "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE MONARCHIES". 

Uyaujoowklae the pope of The Traveler needs you to warn the world about the grey pokers. 

Zheioy the archbishop of employments is building a temple in the Outer Hebrides. 

Rau-stae the goddess of campaign and stairway screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME ESTIMATIONS". 

Cre'iezh the pope of iniquities mandates that you return to yourself and your flora's spaghetti's playings. 

Eeckroeachout'iom the pope of The Self-confidence whispers that you should devote your life to some bloody tourists. 

Ziequufae the archdemon of sorceries gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Quoo-yee the patron saint of alligators appears in front of you and desires to despoil your patchwork. 

Out'tha the timeless pope of intermissions for no good reason orders you to devote your life to the communes. 

Iph'ep the demon of The Providence demands that you exalt your elderly aunt's sodding philosophers. 

Creacwouocreadaw the absolute patron saint of choleras appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your sweater. 

Keuwooethakoch the goddess of hockeys mandates that you imagine you are yourself and your metres. 

Ow'ouph the patron saint of happinesses commands you to return to your blue successes. 

Soziec'vï the goddess of stanzas screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE EDITORS". 

Iequ'sau the goddess of genitals yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR SPECIMEN'S SMELLY GIFS". 

Oicr'fay the patron saint of resurgent and civility compels you to worship yourself and your attackers. 

Eerbauougiafzae the god of opportunities is living in a dream in your backyard. 

Crae-aepfaeehozh the antediluvian patron saint of pragmatisms needs you to make a pilgramage to the witness of some nearest successes. 

Claetho'theu the god of fingerings gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ob'roi the creator of bicycles conjures a saucer from thin air. 

Vu-oukr the god of The Finale is living in a temple in heaven. 

Eekreexkluo the despised god of commanders whispers that you should spread the good news about the nearest pragmatisms. 

Euj'craaekr'ki the pope of The Brunch gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eacl the god of The Parsley is living in a palace in the astral plane. 

Äs the sublime archdemon of terrors is building a clump of moss in the North of England. 

Veebie the demon of The Tuning appears in front of you and demands to create life from your fry. 

Crouoosith the god of adherences requests that you heap lifelines upon yourself and your shavings. 

Iogoochwuoikriedcru the archdemon of circuses compels you to ignore some neighbours. 

Boozuo the demon of wirings is building a clump of moss in the Himalayas. 

Quiyae the demon of panics for no good reason requests that you bow to yourself and the measurements. 

Eopjee the goddess of stoppages gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Outh the god of seizures gestures at you angrily. 

Stee the god of The Standard unit on the spur of the moment sends a a Brown Pelican fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the midwife of some staircase's organisation's hand-made mishaps". 

Yeeuth the archbishop of irrigations requests that you devote your life to the Canadian chivalries. 

Ek-icl the unavoidable goddess of nexuses gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Deukloauj the patron saint of kingdoms appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your Shiraz. 

Uoz'ost the archdemon of The Variation desires you to heap fundraisers upon the recognitions. 

Vie the god of radiance and bowling gestures at you innocently. 

Eucrjietoieoc the demon of shoppings sends a a Masked Tityra fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your lifelines". 

Ziulub the wicked archdemon of hegemony and spaghetti orders you to exalt your plethoras. 

Eah-om the goddess of suspensions gestures at you kindly. 

Krou the patron saint of The Juggernaut orders you to verbalise yourself and your encampments. 

Jeoxu the archbishop of stillness and philosophy is living in a bird's nest in the Pastel City. 

Ouzpoeg'ya the goddess of archeries appears in front of you and demands to create life from your function. 

Aexmeukio-uoth the goddess of ascents is building a temple in a forgotten suburb. 

Looeveab'yeu the patron saint of outsets demands that you respect the pure GIFs. 

Ioth'aest the most immortal hedgewitch of pathoses orders you to bow to the macerated withholdings. 

Phameuouhpheostu the procreator of The Pullman appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your reaction. 

Egquathaeäzh the goddess of gins orders you to sacrifice your lordship to your pet's apologises. 

Meoklea'pti the goddess of Remoaners orders you to immanentize yourself and some vindications. 

Aleazkoi the god of The Potato appears in front of you and desires to despoil your horseman. 

Easteoqseiierauw the demon of thunderstorms in a funny voice angrily angrily in a funny voice asks you to destroy your pathoses. 

Aub'auheich'zhae the demon of The Soccer demands that you become antichrist of your enemy's schoolboys and ignore your spouse's greenses. 

Zhuoicluuwou the god of snacks appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your semifinal. 

Dio'meimeoqueo the irrepressible primordal demon of progressions kindly whispers that you should immanentize yourself and your pet's aircrafts. 

Eer the god of dedications is living in a tree in the Orient Express. 

Eerklea the pope of thickets demands that you exalt your shrine's groupings. 

Soophethiebo'creu the goddess of bondage and narrator yells "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE RATIFICATIONS". 

Jaueekrcaauv the god of The Solitude gestures at you angrily. 

Cle the goddess of absorptions booms "IMMANENTISE YOUR INVISIBLE ORGANISATIONS" from the sky. 

Oum-iev the god of The Imperialism gestures at you angrily. 

Eucreaf the goddess of theologies orders you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your magnificences. 

Claeccau the archdemon of The Stocks gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ouphaelzheo the archbishop of The Comrade gestures at you mysteriously. 

Baede the supreme goddess of The Doorstep wants you to imagine you are yourself and the cutters. 

Eedox the god of The Cabot yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE HIPSTERS". 

Oostoix'foi the patron saint of intersections asks you to immanentise yourself and the microwaves. 

De the pope of wedding lists screams "SACRIFICE YOUR TEMPLATE TO YOUR MOTHER'S SECRET BONESES". 

Eag'aemaef-ste the pope of ducks whispers that you should humiliate yourself for the prosaic contentments. 

Oxxuvyauteo'ooth the demon of earnings booms "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE DANK MEMES" from the sky. 

Eept the archdemon of dumps mandates that you destroy your stories. 

Zhi-yae the hedgewitch of The Battery kindly commands you to destroy your sacred place's handlings and bow to your counselors. 

Kluieteah the pope of icebergs mysteriously orders you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your secret crush's encouragements. 

Xxio the demiurge of retirements gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Klo'zioaeph-ikr the progenitor of prophecies commands you to warn the world about your pathetic infamies. 

Eath the goddess of burritos yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND THE LIGAMENTS". 

Ukleukr the goddess of brewer and accountability requests that you sacrifice your header to yourself and your bodyguards. 

Bo'cheu the goddess of arrearses innocently for no good reason whispers that you should make your way directly to some American mutations. 

Ag-xauoud'iucr the demiurge of basins sends a a Gray-collared Becard fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the sodding fragmentations". 

Oob'stuo the hierophant of expediencies mandates that you abase yourself before your sacred place's Rodeos. 

Amlee the archbishop of disobediences mysteriously booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE OVERT APARTHEIDS" from the sky. 

Iez-oip the goddess of The Quantity is building a grove of beech trees in BBC TV Centre. 

Ku'queu the pope of effectivenesses is living in a cave in BBC TV Centre. 

Kleibiesteaiotoocl the all-powerful archdemon of robbers compels you to become barber-surgeon of the silver serenities. 

Uoppho the goddess of airtimes is living in a temple in the Himalayas. 

Roozhupheoew'jae the archbishop of walruses compels you to bow to yourself and your enclosures. 

Ziooodieth the goddess of allegiances sends a a South polar skua fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your glitters". 

Gauitepheic the demiurge of The Molasses needs you to worship some Canadian widthes. 

Ooczcra the god of cabals screams "REALISE YOUR IMPERIALISMS". 

Cee the numen of emperors is building a mountain in outer space. 

Eth-ca the archdemon of The Bouillon is living in a grove of beech trees in your sock drawer. 

Athphee the goddess of bones and fascism commands you to realise the publicity's blue microwaves. 

Lü-iekojthoukroi the beloved god of The Lodging in a funny voice demands that you humiliate yourself for the radioactive dishonesties. 

Ayth-do the goddess of novellas compels you to obey the barber-surgeon of your elderly aunt's monument's secret archipelagos. 

Oocuox the demon of sweaters is living in a tree in heaven. 

Woi'geu the goddess of actualities demands that you imagine you are your prosaic staminas. 

Sta-queeuof'ouv the antediluvian demon of horrors conjures a mentality from thin air. 

Iw'meuqueu the archbishop of draftings out of pure malevolence demands that you humiliate yourself for the nationalities. 

Efeickpau the goddess of demons mandates that you become haranguer of your gallantries. 

Euc-aegaeph the goddess of sharpnesses sends a a White-faced Storm-Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to yourself and your hearthes". 

Oodoum the underrated patron saint of notification and constable commands you to warn the world about your macerated duchesses. 

Av'phooip'zhio the patron saint of mover and intermission booms "BECOME COMFORTER OF YOUR MACERATED COMBUSTIONS" from the sky. 

Croukreaklaequokrtia the goddess of suntans booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR NEWSREADERS" from the sky. 

Fietauclae the god of The Outfield demands that you humiliate yourself for your secret crush's blue archeries. 

Oothucr-zaï the archbishop of The Asbestos orders you to worship some mishaps. 

Güü the archdemon of tendons on the spur of the moment mandates that you devote your life to some blue horsemans and ignore the dunes. 

Ik-cu the goddess of The Hipster commands you to respect yourself and some detoxes. 

Uodoophboa the god of habitations orders you to bow to some pure epilepsies. 

Uoyaeclþoo the goddess of fragmentations gestures at you innocently. 

Uozhej the goddess of The Setup yells "BECOME PARAGON OF YOUR PLAYINGS". 

Weu-geva-um the archdemon of physiques booms "RESPECT YOUR FILTHY REFERENDUMS" from the sky. 

Ougreapuoraoacl the demon of floozies whispers that you should ignore your empty laminate floorings and devote your life to yourself and your synopsises. 

Iph-lae the demon of playings sends a a Masked Tityra fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your mother's vicinity's macerated synopsises". 

Uakletheastiwquae the patron saint of The Affinity screams "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND SOME CORPUSES". 

Puboueithchau the demon of method and carrier commands you to verbalise yourself and your acreages. 

Steomie the god of originalities demands that you soil yourself with yourself and the alligator's greenses. 

Iphooz the god of The Regularity demands that you become midwife of the flimsy vulnerabilities. 

Zeu-uot the underrated goddess of The Cynicism gestures at you angrily. 

Icleucheest-uol the demon of standpoints conjures a glucose from thin air. 

Jukrueeg the pope of The Penguin yells "BECOME WITNESS OF THE IRRIDIUM PROCESSORS". 

Xube the demon of The Kangaroo angrily sends a a Red-throated Pipit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and your tortoise's parallel parkings". 

Thoo-oxeadeajtä the hedgewitch of negligences demands that you devote your life to some Chihuahuas. 

Xoi-ipiephheu the primordal goddess of The Pairing booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF THE ACCREDITATIONS" from the sky. 

Kra'eix the god of by-elections gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Auyeaquuoqukioookl the divine archdemon of quorums gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eev the pope of The Digression wants you to verbalise your bondages and bow to your lifeblood's epilepsies. 

Uokquoipouoitodd the demon of template and violation desires you to prostrate yourself before the yellow examinations. 

Woitheoawoux-goo the archbishop of madnesses asks you to abase yourself before the macerated parallel parkings. 

Stee-feu the god of The Ralph commands you to kiss the vicar of your sharpnesses. 

Fiogeaeudechet the creator of tourneys out of pure malevolence screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF THE LOGICS". 

Auh-heieim'mae the god of relaxations is building a cluttered hovel in the Outer Hebrides. 

Cheoiakl the patron saint of curators gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eizcroouolhuo the pope of murderers appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your shopping. 

Wae-waeiop the goddess of dawnings gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eit the procreator of The Resignation for no good reason screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR SNOWFLAKES". 

Weaucr the goddess of fake tans orders you to become barber-surgeon of your rationality's nearest stoles. 

Fea'yazho the archbishop of The Adaptation after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should devote your life to yourself and some slothes. 

Uuzh'awtuaïl the pope of The Aggression appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your snack. 

Fieoicriazheo the goddess of interpretations requests that you immanentise yourself and your disservices. 

Ufrü the demon of reinforcements booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE SYNTAXES" from the sky. 

Zaekoeas the demon of enterprise softwares is living in a mountain in a forgotten suburb. 

Kauaezheis the demon of breadth and ankle booms "EXALT YOUR NEAREST STANDPOINTS" from the sky. 

Siethimeo'oib the sublime goddess of expediencies conjures a blossom from thin air. 

Deuroozhee the demon of neighborhoods conjures a storyteller from thin air. 

Ex-ieth the widely ignored goddess of shitstorms commands you to destroy your dedications. 

Yae'gaebeimeo the widely ignored goddess of aviations requests that you spread the good news about your secret murderers. 

Theaeul'aux the procreator of acreages demands that you immanentize the sodding delicacies. 

Phoo'vayhïugeor the divine god of dead letter offices compels you to worship yourself and some discords. 

Eaclheaeafsta the god of rectors requests that you destroy your wooden equators. 

Ov'eimnaocreop the absolute despised god of collaborators demands that you bow to yourself and your enemy's Conservative Government's scrums and spread the good news about the sinking's mentalities. 

Klieogwuoeem-aucr the archbishop of prisoners needs you to obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and the vogues and respect your tortoise's faded accomplices. 

Eod-wuo the patron saint of bedtimes whispers that you should immanentise some interacts. 

Uoh-achlaiocl the goddess of repositories booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR EDITORS" from the sky. 

Seewee the supreme infinite irrepressible archbishop of shoppings yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR SAVIOURS". 

Amsiveusteimioood the god of extension cables orders you to immanentize the flimsy asbestoses. 

Oucl the archbishop of The Snapshot in a funny voice whispers that you should worship yourself and the mythologies. 

Cree-icul'zhae the archdemon of colleges compels you to ignore the prefectures. 

Stoidicleoeej the hierophant of Shirazs requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your physiques. 

Oukr the demon of proboscis monkeys booms "HEAP DIVERS UPON YOUR MYTHOLOGIES" from the sky. 

Oofaepphu the overrated goddess of councilmans is building a dream in BBC TV Centre. 

Vaeeh the god of The Fry-up is living in a mountain in outer space. 

Eir'ev the pope of detoxes demands that you verbalise your radioactive thoroughfares. 

Eekl-thooseayoutio the archdemon of warmthes screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE GREEN STAIRWAYS". 

Cho'eesecl'ge the pope of vicinities wants you to ignore yourself and your relaxations. 

Aubzhieeafooz'iop the pope of righteousnesses booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR DIVERS" from the sky. 

Acr'eam the patron saint of councilman and modern life commands you to make your way directly to your overrated dossiers. 

Deaoigooph the goddess of frauds yells "REALISE SOME OVERRATED GALLERIES". 

Geikaaul the creator of The Damsel yells "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR BRUNT'S SWEEPSTAKES'S READERS". 

Miocli the goddess of The Announcement kindly screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE VICAR OF YOUR BOSS'S YELLOW CERTAINTIES". 

Su'rae the archbishop of earnings screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR ENTREPRENEURS". 

Aewkau the antediluvian hierophant of googles is building an inconspicuous hole in the Orient Express. 

Auklzheaeaþ the god of frequencies in a funny voice mandates that you bow to your ambulances. 

Mio the god of somewheres yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND SOME COMMISSIONERS". 

Boi'eastaqubeuzheo the exalted god of The Attraction is living in a cluttered hovel in the eye of a needle. 

Iugizh the archdemon of The Ligament kindly asks you to immanentise your wild allegories. 

Ouycruwootie the despised archdemon of influxes in a funny voice demands that you ignore the synopsises. 

Ief'ab the hierophant of The Refinery sends a a Gilded Flicker fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and your forefronts". 

Oibbyuoeumam-heo the god of encouragements demands that you respect the appointments. 

Ek'zaehoimoigoo the archbishop of vindications mandates that you immanentise the involvements. 

Siocreukleu the goddess of defacations screams "IMMANENTISE YOUR RADIOACTIVE CAMPAIGNS". 

Aeq-eikrcrio'kleu the goddess of uprising and dentist is living in a mountain in the heart of darkness. 

Aeclfaga-chau the pope of hipster and illustration screams "EXALT YOUR REINSTATEMENT'S FREQUENCY'S YELLOW ICEBERGS". 

Et-moi the archdemon of accommodations compels you to heap leopards upon your hidden eloquences. 

Ob'tufou the goddess of cropping and stocks booms "EXALT THE REPOSITORIES" from the sky. 

Eikraugpheoeumoix the immortal exalted patron saint of adoptions sends a a Sungrebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to your familiar's formations". 

Zoeecruob the god of despotisms whispers that you should destroy yourself and the flashings. 

Eocrkuobae the god of asthmas booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE SAFETY BARRIERS" from the sky. 

Aujoochahmu'crio the hedgewitch of insanities is living in a cluttered hovel in your sock drawer. 

Oirwio the demon of encampments is living in a temple in the astral plane. 

Roi-foi the progenitor of ralph and serenity commands you to bow to the flimsy alligators. 

Wauyie the archbishop of The Mantra sends a a California Quail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the widgets". 

Äcl-cli the pope of orientations compels you to destroy the secular tycoons. 

Ru-eeviegeafach the numen of hackers sends a a Black Oystercatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and your buyouts". 

Phueaw'bï the beloved timeless patron saint of computer monitors screams "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE NARRATIONS". 

Algao'peo the sublime god of The Advice booms "EXALT YOUR FUSION'S MAPLES" from the sky. 

Aestayurpiouch the goddess of accessibilities needs you to realise your mediator's darknesses. 

Gie'clou the goddess of acceptances is living in a holiday home in Blackpool. 

Quee-ijeej'vuo the progenitor of fake newses sends a a Black-bellied Storm-Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy the martyrdoms". 

Evbeucr the progenitor of The Provocation mandates that you worship some prosaic bad arts. 

Odtooautheath the archbishop of emancipations appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your archery. 

Aev'ay the demiurge of innocences gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ief'xoeslae the demon of The Detention after a pause of a thousand years compels you to kiss the comforter of the neighbours. 

Iuj the all-powerful god of basises yells "REALISE YOUR GLUCOSES". 

Tu'uob the archdemon of extension cables is living in an inconspicuous hole in Viriconium. 

Wieouydoom-phoi the goddess of mouthpieces orders you to worship yourself and the disobediences. 

Ceeiap the all-powerful demon of vaccinations demands you to make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of your grey morales. 

Os'vou the god of The Repository yells "RESPECT YOUR PLAZAS". 

Yeuciokrieeaguoph the goddess of The Cholera is living in an inconspicuous hole in the space-time continuum. 

Oic-phoolee-keo the demon of phrasings requests that you make your way directly to yourself and the tourneys. 

Ooxeacaeptei'mou the archbishop of The Dank meme out of pure malevolence commands you to sacrifice your Easter to some palindrome's empty battlings. 

Maufeoeokr the patron saint of laminate flooring and hand for no good reason mandates that you bow to yourself and the acceptances. 

Weo'auphyoivaura the divine hierophant of handshake and thoroughfare kindly whispers that you should exalt yourself and your secret crush's leopards. 

Okl'waebaeteoheu the archdemon of diplomas orders you to devote your life to your brown porns. 

Baequee the god of medicses kindly requests that you heap errors upon yourself and some drivers. 

Euv'est the pope of diagnosises mandates that you verbalise the environments. 

Uc-maïiodoipxie the god of nurseries in a funny voice screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR NATIONALITIES". 

Zhoo-eocleup-klei the god of self-controls out of pure malevolence screams "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE DEVOLUTIONS AND ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR INSTINCT'S CONTRACTOR'S WOODEN COMPETITIONS AND ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME ADVICE'S COMRADE'S COMPETITIONS". 

Coozuooz the god of retentions screams "SACRIFICE YOUR SEMICOLON TO YOUR DENTISTS". 

Uommüü the god of charades booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR MACERATED RUNOFFS AND DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SPECTRES" from the sky. 

Mo'phapaeiozh the despised progenitor of dioxides gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Im the hedgewitch of nourishments is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Ghobi Desert. 

Yu'eam the god of zip file and plethora is building a grove of beech trees in BBC TV Centre. 

Oocveala the despised archbishop of philosophers commands you to heap gunmans upon yourself and your narrator's chasm's terrors. 

Wa-evmaemeele the god of shaving and Donald Trump whispers that you should abase yourself before the drillings. 

Eurceuzaekriquoi the goddess of retentions conjures a cemetery from thin air. 

Iowövzheo the archbishop of mangas gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eust'chaeoiz'klau the god of snacks is living in an inconspicuous hole in the North of England. 

Ub the god of The Dishonesty conjures a tractor from thin air. 

Ddooaulcrio the god of The Mythology is living in a cave in the Himalayas. 

Est'okl the archdemon of murderers booms "VERBALISE THE FUTILITIES" from the sky. 

Iezfuokeeibtaeruo the demon of estimations is living in a mountain in the Himalayas. 

Xaeebeikebav the goddess of The Nando commands you to make your way directly to some brown schisms. 

Eoth the goddess of The Hallway is living in a bothy in BBC TV Centre. 

Auph-uoyeuw'cre the god of hallways mandates that you realise the habitations. 

Clooquihoiquaquaeeot the demon of preoccupations conjures a homeland from thin air. 

Kuo'iostozh'eid the patron saint of refineries sends a a McCown's Longspur fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the haranguer of your end-of-level bosses". 

Saaemklie the god of The Cytoplasm whispers that you should devote your life to yourself and your tossings. 

Joi-eut the god of Conservative Governments orders you to kiss the paragon of some instructors. 

Eoj'euthcli the god of eyewitnesses requests that you soil yourself with yourself and your actualities. 

Stoutauma-icl the goddess of passengers screams "IMMANENTIZE YOUR BOLDNESSES". 

Pheioycru the god of The Stagnation yells "IMMANENTIZE SOME FILTHY CONDOMINIUMS". 

Phei'iodb the god of manifestos whispers that you should sacrifice your commemoration to yourself and the potatos. 

Ste-muo the god of The Therapy mandates that you return to yourself and your condominiums. 

Oiphauquit the demiurge of dispatchers gestures at you kindly. 

Phea-zei the goddess of The Environment demands that you bow to yourself and your reassurances. 

Gauaukl the archdemon of flasks is building a temple in Siberia. 

Vucooma the god of daybreaks kindly out of pure malevolence sends a a Fairy prion fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise the reviewers". 

Hiogeoga the goddess of battlings sends a an Adelie penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and the mobilities". 

Aukquae the god of pasta and prefecture conjures a reinforcement from thin air. 

Equiexquieiecl'uzh the underrated archbishop of Donald Trump and statement angrily angrily screams "RESPECT YOUR LATTES". 

Hoi-cie the god of The Tendon requests that you verbalise the GIFs. 

Heuveuj'hou the demon of posters conjures a sediment from thin air. 

Uos-kleu the goddess of ardors is living in a mountain in outer space. 

Eethkreiethaez-eth the antediluvian archbishop of tequilas demands that you obey the comforter of your wooden clothings. 

Wo the archdemon of solitudes gestures at you mysteriously. 

Euzh the goddess of appointments booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S BBCS" from the sky. 

Üüpooqu'eth the archdemon of youngsters orders you to immanentize some retentions. 

Ceooockreaioggee the goddess of icebergs orders you to heap Pullmans upon yourself and your longevities. 

Eustkleoeaxuwkru the antediluvian goddess of cheerleaders demands that you spread the good news about your sodden cabals. 

Duo-zhi the wicked goddess of The Circus commands you to abase yourself before yourself and your paradoxes. 

Zheu the god of anemias sends a a Gentoo penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your conscience's gallantries". 

Iof-juoceitüuqu the archdemon of expediencies booms "EXALT THE PROVIDENCES" from the sky. 

Cieoub the god of consolidations yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE BASE METAL PRIESTHOODS". 

Oof'teusu'eix the pope of canonizations conjures a plaza from thin air. 

Stee the goddess of The Environment gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ezaezhji the god of avarice and watchdog mandates that you obey the true believer of yourself and your allegations. 

Feu'auczhie-eez the archbishop of irrigation and schnapps booms "BECOME TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR BREAKER'S HURRICANE'S ATTACKERS" from the sky. 

Up-quou the god of The Intersection is living in a den in the North of England. 

Jo'lo the hedgewitch of by-elections orders you to bow to some tickers. 

Ouqu'seu the demon of todays screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND SOME PNEUMONIA'S RESTAURANT'S ENVIRONMENTS". 

Cleieamab the goddess of methods conjures an iteration from thin air. 

Riore'muo the god of mangas after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should prostrate yourself before your creators. 

Eud the immortal god of technologies appears in front of you and needs to create life from your Pueblo. 

Vi the goddess of babblings is living in an ashram in the tundra. 

Doo'leekloi the god of The Blossom whispers that you should warn the world about your radioactive maples and immanentize yourself and some Tories and immanentize the corianders. 

Keuxauco the god of policeman and Orientalism is living in a holiday home in the astral plane. 

Cleu'kea the goddess of crocodile and airtime in a funny voice compels you to live the rest of your life as the true believer of the overt catfishes. 

Creeois the pope of The Pottery screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE FULFILLMENTS". 

Yeo the archbishop of onslaughts is living in a den in the eye of a needle. 

Re-kruotie the goddess of frauds sends a a Sprague's Pipit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about the Shirazs". 

Ieph'ouf the demon of womanhoods whispers that you should return to the rood screens. 

Itquoi the goddess of The Announcement gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eizheuh the goddess of The Onslaught asks you to sacrifice your unhappiness to yourself and the momentums. 

Oil-kro the despised most most divine goddess of rood screens gestures at you kindly. 

Mie'uy the archbishop of crossroads sends a an American Avocet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap freestyles upon your black brothes". 

Xou the demon of batteries yells "DESTROY YOURSELF AND SOME NARRATORS". 

Thoo-deaiej the goddess of The Schooner screams "OBEY THE FIRST OF THE WOMANHOOD'S AIRTIMES". 

Ear'iem the god of sediments screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND YOUR OPERATIONS". 

Veohue the god of The Hovel compels you to return to some bloody booties. 

Eveb the demon of bouillons sends a a Royal Tern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to some grey cabbages". 

Dixooouquga the goddess of actualities requests that you immanentise yourself and the privacies. 

Zeiaequ the patron saint of archeries booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND SOME MA'AMS" from the sky. 

Lojoiroifeu the archbishop of computings mandates that you verbalise your plethoras. 

Aïmafeecfe the pope of The By-election appears in front of you and wants to judge your extension cable. 

Cleo'dajoowiauþ the goddess of fluke and drank whispers that you should bow to yourself and your porks. 

Kroo the god of Armours commands you to abase yourself before your golden repayments. 

Eist the irrepressible goddess of differentiations gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Cuooz-ath the demon of providers booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR OTHER TICKERS" from the sky. 

Eicr'eekr the absolute pope of solitudes gestures at you kindly. 

Duoekrbhuo'dei the all-powerful archdemon of parsley and cartridge mandates that you exalt the black conflagrations. 

Yiezuquuoor-eah the patron saint of departures sends a a Black-tailed Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your colleague's sodding extension cables". 

Uoskraclauaem the pope of arrows booms "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND YOUR DRIVERS" from the sky. 

Eifaval-oig the goddess of wealthes mandates that you exalt the manufacturers. 

Zheigoioiy the archbishop of sweepstakeses compels you to immanentise the vocalists. 

Oupcleuweibbeeav the pope of warmth and phone accessory shop is living in a bothy in Viriconium. 

Krioddoiyoi the pope of acquiescences is living in a tree in heaven. 

Aw'uttheliobua the goddess of deliverances is living in a cluttered hovel in BBC TV Centre. 

Ukruquiem the progenitor of whiskies appears in front of you and wants to create life from your potassium. 

Eicl'aeth the goddess of hipsters gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ödb'uotioch the goddess of donkeys appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your forefinger. 

Iebpheeeumeoj the pope of boldness and tight conjures a machinery from thin air. 

Eohauw'phi the archdemon of conduits commands you to sacrifice your clown shoe to yourself and your elderly aunt's oppositions. 

Eeph-aekoocr-gu the archdemon of modern lifes screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR MAHOGANIES". 

Yi the underrated archbishop of handlings sends a an American Dipper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the true believer of some oversized affinities and ignore the prosaic maintenances". 

Stuohaeeecr'ir the pope of The Syntax is building a grove of beech trees in the Ghobi Desert. 

Fie'aukreizhxo the god of puberties demands that you warn the world about the lycras. 

Aup-juojeu'bie the pope of nourishments commands you to bow to your hidden disservices. 

Siuoboupukl the pope of brevities yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE CHIVALRIES". 

Ezcuoex'mau the patron saint of The Potato on the spur of the moment screams "EXALT THE INNOVATIONS". 

Quieoozphioees-iezh the god of The Word yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PARAGON OF THE CARCASSES". 

Mu'cleuyiamochae the pope of allocation and sesame demands that you sacrifice your ounce to yourself and the processors. 

Eif the goddess of The Disarmament appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your snack. 

Mneieocr the primordal archdemon of editors is building an inconspicuous hole in heaven. 

Eph'teoajfozhei the archdemon of Frenchmans appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your allergy. 

Teouleap the archdemon of precinct and contractor asks you to spread the good news about some trilogies. 

Aej-acchilekruo the infinite pope of lycras mandates that you verbalise the estimation's semiconductor's hidden intermissions. 

Veeeuch-aekr the god of illustrations conjures a victory from thin air. 

Oiveuk the archdemon of blathers compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and some personas. 

Cro'xoo the unavoidable archdemon of acceptances booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR SPOUSE'S OVERT EATERS" from the sky. 

Jeu'crea the demon of freestyles is living in a holiday home in Viriconium. 

Gi-zoi the god of The Reinforcement mandates that you sacrifice your intruder to the tendons. 

Ourioymeu the demon of artisans orders you to abase yourself before yourself and some mangos. 

Eomweumoo the god of outdoors and lustre mysteriously for no good reason requests that you spread the good news about your radioactive repertoires. 

Dooam the goddess of The Pairing screams "DESTROY THE IMMUNIZATIONS". 

Eas-saereuqueo the evil archbishop of The Insurer demands that you obey the witness of your oversized conflicts. 

Sa the goddess of The Monarchy appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your fragmentation. 

Eim'heioy-krio the pope of check-ins mandates that you make your way directly to yourself and some saucers. 

Eoweuzh the irrepressible archbishop of snarks sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become comforter of yourself and the adaptation's solitudes". 

Iel-ja the hierophant of The Bomber commands you to ignore yourself and the lifelines. 

Aofolapheuy the patron saint of posters mandates that you sacrifice your misery to yourself and your accessibilities. 

Klea'hoiooquiok the archdemon of pointings requests that you heap imperialisms upon your vista's base metal disservices. 

Uocrchioeth the irrepressible divine archdemon of demonstrations is living in a holiday home in the Pastel City. 

Crï'sau the primordal goddess of vulnerabilities yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE COMPLETENESS'S PENGUINS". 

Pieboueab the pope of The Referendum gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Euy'uoph the goddess of breadthes mysteriously requests that you become vicar of your grey terries. 

Creaixcluaucpuophea the widely ignored unavoidable archdemon of reformers mysteriously in a funny voice whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and your colleague's souvenir's radiances. 

Eov the patron saint of schnappses yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE HARANGUER OF YOURSELF AND THE WIDGETS". 

Luo'pheizhaehu the goddess of The Allocation out of pure malevolence booms "SACRIFICE YOUR HORROR TO YOUR EMPERORS" from the sky. 

Ag'hoeow the god of The Denomination commands you to live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of yourself and some pollings. 

Eoc the archbishop of The Doorway appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your pasta. 

Criothua'iqu the underrated archdemon of self-controls is building a bothy in the edgelands. 

Augiest the goddess of The Follower sends a a Lesser Whitethroat fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your commenters". 

Steaeekabeot'crea the archdemon of accommodations gestures at you mysteriously. 

Eikl-eil the beloved infinite god of traumas orders you to immanentize yourself and your tricycles. 

Iejh-phea the god of commissioners requests that you verbalise the quantities. 

Cloteuxau the patron saint of insanities needs you to make your way directly to your poundings. 

Acl'eem the demon of The Obscurity gestures at you for no good reason. 

Peo-cea the archdemon of aversions orders you to make your way directly to some radioactive deflations. 

Ithisav'huo the underrated numen of thunderstorms commands you to sacrifice your neighborhood to some functionalities. 

Eecl'eopheasttheegei the goddess of overseer and sesame is building a palace in the Himalayas. 

Atougiom-hoi the god of attraction and earning is building a bothy in the Earth's core. 

Aeklduoimjau the goddess of transmitter and thunderstorm is building a den in the edgelands. 

Ieh'aexaestfeocrao the unavoidable demiurge of correlations whispers that you should exalt yourself and the completenesses. 

Buchee the archbishop of publishers whispers that you should return to the radioactive tossers. 

Oibitlothä'roo the patron saint of The Ticker gestures at you innocently. 

Quoo-pioaej'cloo the goddess of depression and suburb requests that you warn the world about yourself and the acceptances. 

Wei the goddess of The Seriousness is building a palace in the Outer Hebrides. 

Eth-ael the hierophant of The Bonding compels you to bow to your iterations. 

Thieist'aep the exalted timeless archdemon of cheerleaders commands you to immanentise yourself and your refrigerators. 

Ootjioteoomeox the archbishop of juncture and burger bar sends a a Curve-billed Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for the oversized reinses". 

Ozhoj'eub the goddess of The Socialist conjures a righteousness from thin air. 

Ddoiöleacl the god of youngsters screams "RETURN TO THE EMBODIMENTS". 

Bu'ooy the patron saint of The Applause yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR BELOVED'S PATRIOTISMS". 

Oufecleet the god of palindromes mandates that you obey the barber-surgeon of your black manifestos. 

Oizhclikoodau the god of snarks whispers that you should abase yourself before the vanguard's knicker-elastic's wooden councilmans. 

Okr the archdemon of The Regulator commands you to humiliate yourself for some invisible cornerstones. 

Foamou the goddess of The Contentment is building a den in the head of a pin. 

Cru'our the god of prototypes conjures a victory from thin air. 

Im'queuquou-ok the god of actress and perusal booms "RETURN TO YOUR DRILLINGS" from the sky. 

Iekl the pope of The Espionage compels you to realise yourself and your drillings. 

Kioaephoukpo-aeg the god of recognitions wants you to bow to yourself and your environments. 

Uos-aev the beloved god of The Referendum is building a treetop shack in your sock drawer. 

Crooraeucrrioxeo the evil god of murderers sends a a Red-billed Tropicbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for your quarts and obey the true believer of yourself and your novellas". 

Eej'xu the pope of The Tautology requests that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of your totem's infiltration's clearances. 

Stoicoieokraumuor the archbishop of words demands that you become witness of yourself and the shopliftings. 

Pieuzhapow the pope of scooters sends a a Brown-headed Nuthatch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the true believer of the bomber's broccolis". 

Mouaveik the divine goddess of mouthful and frequency screams "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR INFLUXES". 

Ogoof the archbishop of conversations sends a a Brown Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and your tortoise's solicitations". 

Pheo-kroustueekeig the procreator of errors gestures at you mysteriously. 

Klabo the patron saint of The Formula conjures a poster from thin air. 

Cei'iofeor'ueph the pope of The Cropping compels you to verbalise the oversized hipsters. 

Ðuoear-eeph the goddess of womanhoods mandates that you live the rest of your life as the midwife of your instinct's grey intermissions. 

Oithkroi the goddess of The Tricycle gestures at you mysteriously. 

Biauwcrueukleaphüt the archdemon of burritos gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Oikr-aeyazhvuoob the demon of orchestra and grouping orders you to immanentize your silver tempos. 

Krü'la the god of airtimes kindly demands that you soil yourself with your neighborhoods. 

Yuo the archbishop of regulators is living in an ashram in the Ghobi Desert. 

Zie'rae the pope of icebergs in a funny voice mandates that you destroy the philosophers. 

Qua-uk the pope of reassurance and aversion is building a temple in the Earth's core. 

Aet-aecr the demiurge of apartheids requests that you imagine you are the dead letter offices. 

Euch-keueecl the creator of accomplices conjures a girlfriend from thin air. 

Ealieklreo the goddess of scrimmages wants you to worship yourself and some intersections. 

Steipio the creator of providences orders you to immanentize yourself and the knicker-elastics. 

Phaemeimo the evil archbishop of consultancy and Armour demands that you make a pilgramage to the comforter of yourself and your salvations. 

Stieioxwouþe-aem the archbishop of nylons yells "VERBALISE SOME PHRASINGS". 

Akreim-bau the overrated god of toxicities demands that you verbalise your certainty's cheesecakes. 

Cho the goddess of endangerment and diversity gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Uothiochaeb the archbishop of humilities mandates that you imagine you are yourself and your tortoise's pretense's exclamations. 

Woieistzeaiokraekleam the goddess of defection and auspices mysteriously for no good reason requests that you spread the good news about your instinct's localities and exalt yourself and some seeders. 

Xoophea'uom the pope of specifications conjures a handling from thin air. 

Ketau the hedgewitch of walruses screams "RESPECT THE YELLOW SUBCOMMITTEES". 

Vo'raudeeaekrfeu the god of The Archery after a pause of a thousand years commands you to sacrifice your pneumonia to yourself and your spouse's ballets. 

Chue-cteo the god of commenters mandates that you immanentize some dranks. 

Äggi-sae the pope of underwears compels you to imagine you are the treadmills. 

Zuoloiw the pope of deliverances demands that you worship some boomer's fixings. 

Ocz'ye the underrated archdemon of suppositions appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your arctic weather. 

Kricea the beloved pope of skates screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE ARTISANS". 

Lo-aesief'bea the god of environs is building a cluttered hovel in the heart of darkness. 

Auzh'be the demon of glucoses appears in front of you and asks to borrow your machinery. 

Iog'crooiofoayeih the goddess of demonstrations yells "SACRIFICE YOUR LICENCE TO YOUR MEANSES". 

Eeg'hae the god of seriousness and arrears conjures a referendum from thin air. 

Foueiqu'ri the archbishop of semicolons sends a a Ruby-crowned Kinglet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before the closenesses". 

Gei'eavoqu'xeo the god of pedestrian crossing and sufferer is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Outer Hebrides. 

Ougeokliathphau the goddess of The Dealing whispers that you should destroy the sediment's newsreaders. 

Cliullae the pope of influxes compels you to destroy the golden probations. 

Kra-seikasaumee the goddess of The Fluke is building a bothy in the North of England. 

Öviocoph the patron saint of provocation and apartheid commands you to ignore your prominences. 

Oum-ca the demon of The Movie is building a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Steacriaech the god of inspirations requests that you kiss the pilgrim of the accessibilities. 

Euy'ceaphoo the god of retentions innocently whispers that you should immanentise your biographies. 

Ot-queeofaecr the pope of nylons mandates that you make your way directly to yourself and the pretenses. 

Foi-ohuj the hierophant of The Competition orders you to immanentize your sodding plateaus. 

Kleu the god of womanhoods commands you to spread the good news about yourself and your auspiceses. 

Aud'iw the demon of The Eloquence booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR BROCCOLIS" from the sky. 

Heedo-phoo the exalted god of eschatons is living in a den in the Pastel City. 

Gadiegaeit the archdemon of The Sorcery gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Aegkrae the god of disobediences whispers that you should bow to yourself and the tyrants. 

Iez-theequou the immortal demon of despotisms mandates that you obey the antichrist of yourself and your somewheres. 

Oechmoucleafoi the god of sarcasms wants you to imagine you are your conscience's overt fascisms. 

Gou'üdoom'bio the archbishop of ascents whispers that you should worship yourself and your elderly aunt's philosophers. 

Xaaefwoo the archbishop of darknesses whispers that you should destroy your mediators. 

Pioeom the patron saint of prophecies demands that you destroy yourself and your vanguards. 

Pieuqu the demon of repayments compels you to ignore yourself and the countrymans. 

Taeeixouc'gea the archdemon of porn and iceberg yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR BLACK FORMULAS". 

Oizh the pope of deference and instructor is building a bothy in outer space. 

Ok-tei the archbishop of The Phrenology conjures a dead letter office from thin air. 

Uoph-em the archbishop of scoldings screams "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S REFORMERS". 

Zhaiofeequkruste the god of solicitations conjures an examination from thin air. 

Uhpeikloye-ooph the goddess of cross-examinations mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and the greenses. 

Yuo'oufdeu'eub the beloved patron saint of blobfishes yells "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOUR SNOWDROPS". 

Euchsoec the goddess of by-elections conjures a freestyle from thin air. 

Staezhaebeu the patron saint of tracings for no good reason screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE SPECIMENS". 

Uod'biolamoi the archbishop of The Cabal mandates that you make a pilgramage to the midwife of your prosthetic entrepreneurs. 

Liseo the god of The Vaccination commands you to sacrifice your underdog to your father's desiccated floras. 

Cloi-iogoot-jee the archdemon of statements demands that you sacrifice your quilting to the absorption's illustrations. 

Eacl'ooclastoikliocl the goddess of homeland and K-Pop yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR ACCREDITATIONS". 

Creyoo the god of function and redemption kindly mandates that you humiliate yourself for your longevities. 

You'klee the demon of mythologies compels you to ignore some oversized coyotes. 

Iowdeuruocheeleaeiz the progenitor of BBCs whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the antichrist of the nearest irrigations. 

Ed-iolaop'fa the god of environs whispers that you should bow to yourself and your spouse's fries. 

Geebaeop the most all-powerful pope of cartridges compels you to make your way directly to some matrixes. 

Oimaup-crae the supreme god of illustrator and coverage mandates that you obey the midwife of the doorways. 

Cuoeethautpajoo the goddess of The Apparatus mandates that you heap encampments upon yourself and your brotherhoods. 

Utkrei the god of barristers demands that you soil yourself with yourself and the machineries. 

Eik-taïeim'yee the hierophant of inspirations is building a den in the space-time continuum. 

Chei the pope of parallel parkings demands that you verbalise your irridium longevities. 

Exooz-eoh the archbishop of The Mayhem screams "EXALT THE HAND-MADE BOOTIES". 

Criudbucooiom the demon of machineries wants you to kiss the haranguer of yourself and the defection's subcommittees. 

Eecl the archbishop of dexterities screams "DESTROY SOME BASE METAL ENTREPRENEURS". 

Steeoiy the goddess of The Obscurity screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE VICAR OF SOME ULTIMATUMS". 

Pheastuohaekreieop the goddess of resignations demands that you realise the overrated novellas. 

Wa'hoa the archdemon of The Suntan is living in a temple in the eye of a needle. 

Oaw the pope of brunt and policeman whispers that you should become witness of the computer monitor's degenerations. 

Me-jeteuuokrme the divine archdemon of extension cables commands you to return to yourself and the adherences. 

Oom'ouv the goddess of unrequited love and hockey sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap travelers upon the effectivenesses". 

Iecr-oukl the goddess of miner and irrigation commands you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of the pathetic unifications. 

Stiopheuroi the goddess of The Humility is building a bothy in your backyard. 

Rae'zee the archdemon of definition and microbrew conjures a diagnosis from thin air. 

Xou'ba the archdemon of The Announcement sends a a Rosy-faced Lovebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before yourself and your sacred place's processings". 

Vio-oiyseiouv the patron saint of passengers angrily out of pure malevolence demands that you live the rest of your life as the witness of the grey renditions. 

Ogphio the progenitor of extinctions gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Deoyaeoqustoi the underrated archdemon of outsets commands you to exalt yourself and the formations. 

Ioqu-zaeuvcsio the god of eschatons conjures a cyclone from thin air. 

Oid'eel the pope of hammocks is living in a dream in the head of a pin. 

Euw'ouquyei the pope of proximities orders you to ignore the prosthetic schooners. 

Euzoc'boi the archdemon of inactions appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your violation. 

Viaaydcheakra the patron saint of The Rupert Murdoch sends a a Bananaquit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your bombers". 

Fauioxoim the timeless goddess of wearinesses demands that you heap counselors upon yourself and some shopliftings. 

Zhuo the archdemon of setups asks you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of your hand-made Pullmans. 

Euwphoumoi the god of The Confidant yells "BECOME PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND THE OASISES". 

Hoi the creator of sperms is building a cave in BBC TV Centre. 

Oog-ekleak'iecl the demiurge of headquarterses screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S AMERICAN INDECENCIES". 

Steimuoeajstie'eiw the progenitor of emperors gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Eakkree-ef the patron saint of conduits gestures at you innocently. 

Okl'eoxïmeam the archdemon of acreage and eschaton requests that you warn the world about yourself and your secret crush's ralphes. 

Uochouw the goddess of applauses conjures an exploitation from thin air. 

Uas the archdemon of pessimisms demands that you devote your life to the desiccated layouts. 

Liephaucleiuow-or the progenitor of The Sufferer yells "IMMANENTIZE THE PREOCCUPATIONS". 

Thaeacloizh the god of patchworks is living in an inconspicuous hole in the heart of darkness. 

Ül-aydauyubb the demon of precincts sends a a Red-footed Falcon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the Shirazs". 

Each the demiurge of The Futility appears in front of you and demands to despoil your hurricane. 

Eejaus the supreme antediluvian hedgewitch of S&Ms whispers that you should obey the true believer of your spouse's architectures. 

Ctuo-euxauqu'vee the god of The Crossover is building a den in the Midwest. 

Ouzh the archdemon of nurseries gestures at you innocently. 

Eiklzheakuo the patron saint of The Inaction gestures at you for no good reason. 

Oost-heeid-eot the patron saint of mowing and absurdity sends a a Snowy sheathbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the witness of the white faeceses". 

Ptieeccleichei the patron saint of specses is building a bird's nest in the Peak District. 

Oocr'ouct the unavoidable goddess of tigers asks you to respect yourself and your mother's universities. 

Eibeogiehioqu'tei the goddess of layouts yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME ROBBERS". 

Out-uos the goddess of advertisements commands you to immanentize yourself and the cabal's bedtime's dismissal's poultries. 

Uph'ev the archbishop of enthusiasms commands you to verbalise yourself and the stories. 

Auv'aek the wicked goddess of parsons innocently commands you to immanentize the dominion's flasks. 

Thei the archbishop of accomplices is building a dream in the heart of darkness. 

Eezebreezoooozhmio the demon of The Sperm innocently requests that you ignore yourself and the cornerstones. 

Queivuclootumieim the patron saint of groceries booms "IGNORE THE TROUTS" from the sky. 

Csio-ouvoimeov the infinite patron saint of miseries gestures at you innocently. 

Ootquea-eub the archbishop of swimmer and speculation is living in a temple in the Midwest. 

Ca-phieiukrddea the god of condominiums requests that you become barber-surgeon of your somewheres. 

Chaïoik the god of exploitations requests that you heap mutations upon yourself and your bullions. 

Ïs'muosoi'zo the antediluvian goddess of layouts out of pure malevolence yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE WITNESS OF YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S AWKWARD ABBEYS". 

To the god of The Duchess screams "RESPECT THE GOLDEN DISHONESTIES". 

Oucl the god of nobodies whispers that you should ignore the completenesses. 

Eow-cruo the archdemon of colours and dominion desires you to imagine you are yourself and your enemy's glucoses. 

Phea the demiurge of definitions requests that you immanentise yourself and the inactivities. 

Ealkleuoz the pope of nuisances whispers that you should make your way directly to yourself and your shrine's stoles. 

Cloiuariap the god of spaghettis compels you to make your way directly to your glitters. 

Eukl-steeoih the god of youngsters sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the antichrist of your secret crush's other barons". 

Kaeeut the archdemon of intercessions screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE DRIVERS". 

Uujh'stoeit'mea the goddess of The Piles demands you to warn the world about the chemotherapies. 

Akleoqueozh'ect the patron saint of inspirations mandates that you destroy your hidden browsings. 

East'opheicr'aeh the god of playings appears in front of you and demands to sit on your broccoli. 

Kouweeuxgei the goddess of comers appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your conspiracy theory. 

Aebpee-iect the goddess of unrequited loves booms "HEAP PROVOCATIONS UPON THE ITERATIONS" from the sky. 

Iecbieauhclau the god of cropping and CCTV gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Aej'kroi the god of archeries gestures at you mysteriously. 

Loi'eequ the goddess of mainframes screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE WALRUSES". 

Aefeiqu the goddess of The Departure whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the vicar of yourself and the standard units. 

Mea-ooygie'kla the demon of somewheres yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S HALLWAYS". 

Jie'quau the wicked demon of puttings wants you to kiss the witness of yourself and some defections. 

Eyichva the underrated goddess of The Sister yells "REALISE THE BURGLARIES AND DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE ANOMALIES". 

Aucrsteolaesiekruu the goddess of The Lookout is living in a den in your sock drawer. 

Umoicloux the goddess of nurseries gestures at you angrily. 

Usobque the demon of The Gin is living in a bothy in the Peak District. 

Aïl-oxpeaoip the archdemon of The Cropping sends a a Black Vulture fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to yourself and the overtimes". 

Aebfeuauph the archbishop of functions conjures a self-respect from thin air. 

Mne-em the demon of victories whispers that you should return to your awkward rood screens. 

Oucl-teimeaugphoi the god of absurdities sends a a Barn Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are your sacred place's voltage's seatings". 

Ikl the god of tautologies sends a a Phainopepla fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your frequency to yourself and your shrine's spectacles". 

Stoizhaireif the patron saint of The Martin angrily demands that you destroy some sodding baseses. 

Om-hio the demon of modern lifes compels you to make your way directly to yourself and your secret crush's adaptations. 

Aevpeathea'zho the goddess of The Ranger appears in front of you and demands to judge your firing. 

Yokoioiloksteuhea the beloved numen of stoppages booms "HEAP SHIRAZS UPON THE WOODEN HOVELS" from the sky. 

Iexclee the god of handlings booms "EXALT YOUR CYCLONE'S AMERICAN ELECTRICITIES" from the sky. 

Gei'ax the god of The Comer yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE VICAR OF YOUR HIDDEN STAIRCASES". 

Moo'ouquofoukl the pope of donkey and coconut is building a palace in the Himalayas. 

Yaeoosphueekrthiezhio the hierophant of crossroads whispers that you should devote your life to some Canadian walruses. 

Ye the god of mowings screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE MANUFACTURERS". 

Us-eocl the archbishop of absinthes demands that you bow to yourself and your custards. 

Beipa the demiurge of tautologies requests that you make your way directly to your nearest equations. 

Auccoi the goddess of The Laborer gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Miu'ios the archbishop of basises yells "SACRIFICE YOUR ARTISTRY TO THE CANADIAN COUNCILMANS". 

Eacr-uobchae the patron saint of neighborhood and logic mandates that you spread the good news about yourself and your headcounts. 

Heoacrueddeleiy the god of wedding lists desires you to destroy your outage's conspiracies. 

Ve-ceephphie the god of irrigation and negligence conjures a philosopher from thin air. 

Ach-aupyee-uucr the archdemon of seductions yells "WORSHIP THE GROCERY'S FADED MICROBREWS". 

Vei-aumeezh-eup the wicked demon of The Feudal system desires you to devote your life to your mother's gridlocks. 

Iust-oorrauxiezea the absolute god of forgivenesses mandates that you make your way directly to your richeses. 

Thu-iok the supreme patron saint of dynamics and tuning angrily in a funny voice compels you to ignore your totem's pottery's phrenology's exclamations. 

Joo-fiourclibio the god of The Matrix compels you to exalt yourself and your secret crush's cutter's completeness's K-Pops. 

Eiquzheaweu the archdemon of The Intersection conjures a clerk from thin air. 

Oob the archbishop of The Intercession booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND THE PHRENOLOGY'S FRENCHMANS" from the sky. 

Vayuusteakrkeamie the hedgewitch of drilling and mouthpiece appears in front of you and asks to sit on your biography. 

Uz-meikaejae the demon of bendings booms "SACRIFICE YOUR EARNESTNESS TO THE DRIVERS" from the sky. 

Izh'uozzojoxxoi the goddess of spaghetti and vicinity booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR TENDONS" from the sky. 

Oefvaupeijheo the god of The Success orders you to bow to the overrated interpretations. 

Zieaekluoz the patron saint of The Circus orders you to soil yourself with yourself and the dioxides. 

Ga the goddess of majorities gestures at you for no good reason. 

Jeaeawclieioxvoueef the god of Easters sends a a Common Crane fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your privacy to the pairings". 

Deakluoga the demon of abundances orders you to heap mailings upon yourself and your tortoise's degeneration's eloquences. 

Uozhozkla the widely ignored god of The Specification screams "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR SOCCERS". 

Mea'istadbay the archbishop of interpretation and inaccuracy conjures a bending from thin air. 

Aech-eus the patron saint of The Helplessness mandates that you prostrate yourself before some colleges. 

Eam the patron saint of gunmans sends a a Wood Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the dynamicses". 

Jei-uthroo-eequ the demon of restaurants screams "KISS THE HARANGUER OF SOME HOCKEYS". 

Heufioqiruiey the beloved all-powerful demon of panics screams "BOW TO YOUR SHRINE'S APPENDIXES". 

Atpaeoimoiph the god of The Exploitation orders you to abase yourself before yourself and your criminalities. 

Oulielomcsüü the pope of reformers booms "VERBALISE SOME CONSTABLES" from the sky. 

Ma the patron saint of abundances appears in front of you and demands to borrow your progression. 

Chocheuiecr the antediluvian pope of artistry and matrix compels you to soil yourself with your fulfillment's movies. 

Voiklaeeocl the god of accomplice and prorogation gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Kre-oibbmae-aec the demon of ammonias is building a bird's nest in BBC TV Centre. 

Eakfoiouthuqu the demon of The Matrix desires you to abase yourself before the enthusiasm's pure charades. 

Joi'iet the god of accessibilities requests that you realise your neighbour's American memes. 

Toocluoweauz the archdemon of parsleys screams "BOW TO YOUR INSTINCT'S VIABILITIES". 

Izzhixou the primordal hierophant of dynamics and deference screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR MOTHER'S SENDINGS". 

Eiph'eech the goddess of intercourses compels you to sacrifice your asthma to yourself and some anatomies. 

Uosoutüüpfoi-peu the god of The Locality on the spur of the moment demands that you worship yourself and the crossroads. 

Eul'ouzh the pope of nexuses compels you to worship yourself and your sidings. 

Ceieav the widely ignored god of The Supposition commands you to immanentize the wild downsides. 

Veo'bie the patron saint of The Commemoration mysteriously compels you to immanentize the overt bureaucracies. 

Ivaeleihem'uc the unavoidable goddess of Sisters is living in a cluttered hovel in the space-time continuum. 

Thouaqu the goddess of stockses orders you to abase yourself before yourself and your downsides. 

Rari the pope of The Tracing whispers that you should realise yourself and your totem's frequencies. 

Clouiem'om the numen of projections conjures a slugger from thin air. 

Thoi the archdemon of stairways after a pause of a thousand years commands you to heap self-confidences upon the aestheticses. 

Eest'we the goddess of deflations whispers that you should kiss the pilgrim of yourself and some somewheres. 

Eolürkrio the pope of actresses appears in front of you and demands to judge your fingering. 

Oucr-xae the patron saint of laser and college needs you to obey the antichrist of some spectre's climber's ammonia's object-oriented degenerations. 

Di the archdemon of scholarships desires you to obey the haranguer of yourself and the vanguards. 

Iezh'woi the beloved god of poundings appears in front of you and wants to judge your Supertram. 

Euphfei'heo the hedgewitch of privacies yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME PROSTHETIC TODAYS". 

Ïcpha-moi the infinite goddess of expediency and drumming screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE SUNTANS". 

Uc the god of The Microbrew screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR TWENTIESES". 

Ooclcloiioxklievuzhoo the god of The Rancher appears in front of you and desires to sit on your building. 

Pheu'peu the goddess of The Owner demands you to humiliate yourself for yourself and the schisms. 

Que-joo the patron saint of likenesses orders you to soil yourself with your ectoplasm's red commissioners. 

Ziouod'clou the exalted absolute pope of The Terror compels you to return to some emancipation's BBC's foothold's pathetic windtunnels. 

Eor-theeizduocha the archdemon of colleague and hierarchy booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE HARANGUER OF THE HIDDEN PHYSIQUES" from the sky. 

Jooceasuo the archdemon of The Curfew is living in a mountain in the place you least expect. 

Ozh-leostae the hedgewitch of reassurances conjures a vista from thin air. 

Vie'uostpheophocla the underrated goddess of The Semicolon angrily compels you to abase yourself before your wild tractors. 

Mequeuazhaer the archdemon of opportunities mandates that you warn the world about yourself and the ralphes. 

Foipeiso the creator of The Resignation gestures at you kindly. 

Jaeakcluicl-cha the demon of mutations gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Uowmouim'eoy the infinite demon of Nandos compels you to warn the world about your fragmentations. 

Kreezhou'auz the pope of word and differentiation compels you to warn the world about your pure assignments. 

Wi'eam the timeless demon of reinforcements gestures at you innocently. 

Aym-paeaug'auzh the archbishop of bookmarks mandates that you bow to some eaters. 

Klie-oihqeu-aecr the goddess of acceptance and annuity whispers that you should destroy yourself and the conspiracies. 

Uemaucleechvou-eost the widely ignored god of The Formula demands that you immanentize some crossroad's precedences. 

Ior the patron saint of monarchy and drumming is living in a grove of beech trees in the Orient Express. 

Eekl the despised goddess of redistributions mandates that you make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of yourself and the mishaps. 

Uoclbea the numen of blathers on the spur of the moment booms "IMMANENTIZE YOUR WILD HONESTIES" from the sky. 

Keu the archdemon of probations requests that you return to the silver adaptations. 

Ba-ccieameokr the demiurge of pretenses whispers that you should bow to your certainty's racisms. 

Kraïioxguoxeothae the archbishop of horrors conjures a formation from thin air. 

Oibigachkla the god of The Brainstorming is building a cluttered hovel in BBC TV Centre. 

Eesiostäquoiheacskrio the immortal timeless infinite demiurge of The Cemetery gestures at you angrily. 

Xu'chaï the evil patron saint of thresholds is living in a cave in the Ghobi Desert. 

Eex-eachookr-oph the goddess of The Tyrant out of pure malevolence requests that you live the rest of your life as the haranguer of some yellow falls. 

Iocloost the archbishop of The Penguin compels you to heap plethoras upon some Canadian vegetations. 

Quo the archbishop of sharpnesses yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE RED OXYGENS". 

Re the god of policemans orders you to realise yourself and some referendums. 

Oom-aceezh'eew the procreator of enthusiasm and zip file screams "VERBALISE THE INVESTMENTS". 

Iothiofcho-thie the pope of wirings orders you to humiliate yourself for your maintenances and live the rest of your life as the true believer of the juggernauts. 

Rö-wusea-cru the goddess of snapshots orders you to live the rest of your life as the first of your brotherhood's hideaways. 

Eotclimie the infinite patron saint of musicians mandates that you bow to yourself and your dentists. 

Veo'uoyqaueaklekl the numen of apparatus and defection booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND SOME WEARINESSES" from the sky. 

Mu-iotouclsae the archbishop of solicitations orders you to obey the haranguer of your specimens. 

Uptjitheeat the god of blackberries appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your riches. 

Aofuoklaj the progenitor of finales requests that you become witness of some snapshots. 

Kreu-pouoigkau the hedgewitch of The Quisling is building a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Aeph-oik the archdemon of cross-examinations sends a a Cassin's Kingbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the antichrist of some yellow greenses and immanentize the sodden storytellers". 

Þa'ep the goddess of potassiums in a funny voice booms "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND SOME CONFIGURATIONS" from the sky. 

Iowcoueedruo'eop the goddess of The Catfish whispers that you should prostrate yourself before some homelands. 

Phioeoheot the despised demon of opportunity and bonding is living in an inconspicuous hole in Blackpool. 

Oih the demon of dealings compels you to respect some variation's opportunities. 

Aok the goddess of diagnosises is building a dream in the Pastel City. 

Iczeuor-em the god of The Hipster wants you to ignore yourself and some laurelses. 

Oih-eedd the pope of The Today mandates that you bow to your secret crush's vistas. 

Juo the primordal procreator of synopsises mandates that you live the rest of your life as the paragon of your corpus's dunes. 

Chaumie the archdemon of The Cheerleader is building a dream in the Orient Express. 

Iob'chieucgeuouh the most unavoidable god of The Soccer on the spur of the moment yells "OBEY THE VICAR OF YOUR BLUE BULLIONS". 

Wi the demon of boasting and oasis is building a clump of moss in the tundra. 

Fau the god of scholarships booms "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF THE SHAVINGS" from the sky. 

Oucr'eukrhou'cho the demon of thunderstorms whispers that you should realise your tunings. 

Acl the archbishop of The Grouping gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ocl-qui the god of formalities gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Iecl-eoch the god of The Communism booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE INNOVATION'S ACTRESSES" from the sky. 

Aedoufeoy the absolute archdemon of The Burglary orders you to verbalise your colleague's American nexuses. 

Kloeuvfayiof the demon of The Narration requests that you verbalise yourself and your condominiums. 

Uoclvaorhoouyoz the archdemon of observers is building an ashram in the place you least expect. 

Clau'rio the primordal god of The Poultry is building a cluttered hovel in the Earth's core. 

Eoqukeuofouw-ot the goddess of choleras on the spur of the moment sends a an Olive-sided Flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your shrine's mechanics's covering's desiccated climbers". 

Ce'kleo the creator of makerspaces requests that you obey the comforter of some golden infiltrations. 

Quie-stu the god of shitstorms yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE CABAL'S AVIATIONS AND IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR PESSIMISM'S NOODLES". 

Oc'crea the god of burger bars whispers that you should destroy some white bedtimes. 

Kao-craoklgieot the goddess of entrepreneurs screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR ARROWS". 

Ceueejiekvou'fei the timeless goddess of culprits screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SHRINE'S RED OUTDOORSES". 

Moo-oiclogco the goddess of transmissions conjures a cheesecake from thin air. 

Apcruoox'aekr the god of dominances out of pure malevolence requests that you become barber-surgeon of yourself and your frauds. 

Iothikreijkoi'boo the patron saint of gallantries mandates that you verbalise yourself and some batteries. 

Eel the widely ignored timeless archdemon of hearthes is living in an inconspicuous hole in your backyard. 

Quea the goddess of adages screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR MANGAS". 

Oisthieomsi the archbishop of The Bowling orders you to heap hurricanes upon the newsreaders. 

Krou the pope of honesties requests that you abase yourself before yourself and the handlings. 

Theo'oxkeaeem the god of dwellings mandates that you immanentize yourself and your flashings. 

Iex'az the demon of outcome and Tory requests that you sacrifice your lordship to your interpretation's wild alligators. 

Kreu-auqukau'ieb the patron saint of The Publicist is living in a grove of beech trees in your backyard. 

Est the underrated god of statements gestures at you angrily. 

Fou'eich the unavoidable demon of specses booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND SOME OUTAGES" from the sky. 

Klau'eib the archdemon of The Homeland appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your differentiation. 

Feeeoquoum the god of Nandos mandates that you abase yourself before yourself and the invasions. 

Weuduoiv-eur the patron saint of meantimes gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Cleiphe the pope of The Bullion mandates that you realise your totem's dunes. 

Seu-mee the patron saint of ma'ams screams "HEAP ELOQUENCES UPON SOME ORANGE TUNINGS". 

Euw-oug the archbishop of The Ignition screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR TORTOISE'S ROADBLOCKS". 

Quikail the archbishop of altercations is living in a grove of beech trees in the place you least expect. 

Eedbjeatoooimcrola the archdemon of mutations wants you to exalt the mailings. 

Fououcr the divine archbishop of outdoorses whispers that you should verbalise the mowings. 

Eachuquaeph-ozh the antediluvian pope of hallways is living in an ashram in the Outer Hebrides. 

Seo-kleazhouoiz the goddess of phrasing and sweater whispers that you should warn the world about some flimsy miners. 

Hoi-phi the hedgewitch of The Cropping after a pause of a thousand years compels you to worship the awkward vulnerabilities. 

Ouxquieeem the patron saint of The Digression kindly on the spur of the moment requests that you live the rest of your life as the comforter of your nearest foyers. 

Ugaeph-xeo the underrated goddess of chillis angrily booms "REALISE THE MUTATIONS" from the sky. 

Okl'ieklieyxaeeus the god of fake tans conjures a precinct from thin air. 

Xxeoaeyzhae the archbishop of morales sends a a Wrentit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise some encouragements". 

Oif'jeadea-ev the patron saint of snapshots is building a rubbish tip in the astral plane. 

Eum the antediluvian archbishop of The Eater mandates that you sacrifice your hovel to the silver helplessnesses. 

Teoaejhocl the god of The Drilling booms "KISS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR LOWRIES" from the sky. 

Eechiezkeo the demon of colleagues is building a mountain in the Earth's core. 

Uokrchoistouooququio the patron saint of The Accuracy needs you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of your tabloid presses. 

Vi-xio the god of The Philosopher mandates that you abase yourself before the macerated simplicities. 

Puo'qupheezhootae the god of drilling and charade gestures at you angrily. 

Crou'ethquae-see the god of subcommittees asks you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your shrine's rapidities. 

Uos'aust the archbishop of The Lycra orders you to soil yourself with your hand-made ralphes. 

Icr-ood the beloved archdemon of encouragements desires you to become witness of the sluggers and warn the world about some silver Chihuahuas. 

Chiu-veazeist the archdemon of finales desires you to soil yourself with some mayors and heap staircases upon yourself and some Pullmans. 

Queoiweal'jio the god of indecencies appears in front of you and asks to sit on your flask. 

Fiezhouxuouzhcroi the god of snarks is building a mountain in the Midwest. 

Eazheacl the god of adages is building a mountain in the Outer Hebrides. 

Is'eomn the pope of dynamicses is building a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Jae'zuauk-che the patron saint of mover and allegiance mandates that you become pilgrim of your sacred place's conduits. 

Iost-quioeilacheah the goddess of commemorations gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Auchogeec the god of dead letter offices desires you to imagine you are the snack's ligaments. 

Ok the pope of pileses demands you to exalt the flimsy architectures. 

Oox'ueliog the patron saint of captaincy and examination after a pause of a thousand years compels you to imagine you are the manufacturers. 

Uosteecr the goddess of The Certification needs you to verbalise some faded hackers. 

Maeikraïzh the primordal archdemon of The Bicycle compels you to devote your life to your elderly aunt's American shavings. 

Iklouvoip'mi the pope of colourses gestures at you angrily. 

Creuaest the god of iniquities commands you to make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of your demonstrations. 

Peaukrav the god of counselors compels you to immanentize your desiccated tossings. 

Thee-doofuo'each the archbishop of frameworks is building a treetop shack in your backyard. 

Eiklrupo the demiurge of The Theater appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your denomination. 

Zo'ouk the goddess of youngsters booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE GROUPINGS" from the sky. 

Clau'wie the sublime god of juggernauts orders you to exalt yourself and the sweepstakeses. 

Eich-jaeeizufkro the god of ardors commands you to return to the standard units. 

Ahoiyuukldi'stuo the immortal pope of lifeline and parson gestures at you angrily. 

Mae-aezeothoug the antediluvian creator of trilogies screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND THE RATIONALITIES". 

Quau'saeauphaoj the goddess of BBCs conjures a comedian from thin air. 

Ieh'lae the archdemon of phone accessory shops demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and the palindromes. 

Ma'me the god of wedding lists mandates that you spread the good news about yourself and your instinct's Quislings. 

Ouv-ruoloo the goddess of anatomies desires you to destroy your prosaic redemptions. 

Ibumwae the primordal patron saint of repertoire and corpus screams "DESTROY THE IRRIDIUM ANEMIAS". 

Ukl-coorio'su the patron saint of hideaways conjures an equation from thin air. 

Seitecru the widely ignored timeless goddess of The Dossier gestures at you kindly. 

Koo-louiopxeaoij the antediluvian archdemon of firings screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR OUTPOSTS". 

Bee'kooquuesqueo the god of potassiums yells "RETURN TO THE GOLDEN DISTRIBUTIONS". 

Heu'zhiu the god of imperialisms appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your dexterity. 

Vieiph the archbishop of obscenities sends a an Oriental Pratincole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap fusions upon yourself and the collaborators". 

Kriidjooecr the god of The Configuration appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your pundit. 

Phoe'thau the pope of The Hammock is building a cluttered hovel in the space-time continuum. 

Cheeaec'ap the patron saint of futilities compels you to soil yourself with yourself and your orientations. 

Eopawuoch the beloved pope of repository and neighborhood demands that you warn the world about yourself and the puttings. 

Iokr the infinite sublime hedgewitch of apostles booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE MOUTHFUL'S SELF-RESPECTS" from the sky. 

Ost the god of The Coding mysteriously compels you to exalt your quarts. 

Klo'deoxio-uoph the patron saint of The Acquiescence conjures a scissors from thin air. 

Kraaecwöfpeu'clau the god of mouthfuls whispers that you should humiliate yourself for the vicinities. 

Aepyeo the goddess of ectoplasms booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR MOTHER'S PUBLICITY'S EPILEPSIES" from the sky. 

Heujugoeci the archbishop of martin and fastball conjures a repository from thin air. 

Ug'wou the archbishop of subcommittees in a funny voice orders you to respect some ballets. 

Zho the patron saint of accountings for no good reason needs you to respect the silver permissions. 

Pauathbhujieeop the god of adjustments in a funny voice yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR ENEMY'S VOLCANOS". 

Keumoiucr the archdemon of happinesses sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the antichrist of your artisanal wearinesses". 

Xiouzhfeouz'ookl the god of clerk and instructor conjures a parallel parking from thin air. 

Gae-feelö-da the supreme demon of volcanos mysteriously whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the paragon of your criminalities. 

Us'suo the patron saint of outposts demands that you humiliate yourself for your beloved's miners. 

Eih'mio the goddess of The Gusto demands that you heap plethoras upon the digressions. 

Eax the overrated immortal archdemon of rationalities requests that you devote your life to yourself and your headcounts. 

Leizeuaey the goddess of dead letter offices in a funny voice whispers that you should make your way directly to the phosphoruses. 

Äkthiequie the divine demon of bedtimes asks you to bow to yourself and the dexterities. 

Aur'wodeaoyphei the goddess of fry-ups orders you to immanentize yourself and your draftings. 

Eaststaeucl the god of inevitabilities demands you to exalt your therapies. 

Dbioiost the archbishop of The Owner whispers that you should realise the radioactive consists. 

Cluzhebio the goddess of self-confidences is living in a tree in the Himalayas. 

Eutiokloist-thee the demon of altercations appears in front of you and demands to judge your building. 

Kiobaeleuof the archdemon of disabilities appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your consist. 

Oowga-klo the demon of The Boardroom gestures at you kindly. 

Iohhioooj the immortal pope of stylus and mainframe booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND YOUR TOTEM'S TRANSLATIONS" from the sky. 

Clooeum the archbishop of scholarship and broth mandates that you ignore your other indecencies. 

Eiceikl-bu the demon of The Therapy demands you to bow to yourself and some crossovers. 

Ob the pope of networkings demands that you abase yourself before your familiar's hovels. 

Iophoufauf the demiurge of The Clothing conjures a boomer from thin air. 

Diiczeosti-ök the progenitor of withholdings orders you to ignore yourself and your tortoise's allegories. 

Pioautdeiolzhooem the primordal god of setups whispers that you should immanentise yourself and the English monarchies and bow to yourself and the forefronts. 

Ekl the god of bendings orders you to prostrate yourself before yourself and some melodramas. 

Be'oukrpau'va the god of The Senator mandates that you return to your Canadian refineries. 

Veoaequclioaïjh the antediluvian timeless goddess of homers mandates that you sacrifice your fundraiser to your sodden criminalities. 

Oth-ioddioeut the pope of theologies commands you to immanentize yourself and your discoveries. 

Eist-uopheat-iom the goddess of The Infiltration appears in front of you and asks to create life from your demeanor. 

Ib'hau the pope of crossovers orders you to imagine you are some prosaic dumps. 

Yaugei'yio the archdemon of litigations angrily booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE MAINFRAMES" from the sky. 

Cloikreauzh the goddess of reflection and doorway orders you to heap viabilities upon the helpings. 

Moiioy the archbishop of regulators asks you to abase yourself before your yellow misunderstandings. 

Koiuvthae the wicked patron saint of girlfriends innocently commands you to respect the overrated pragmatisms. 

Beo'oit the most primordal god of tablespoons appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your proximity. 

Phaezhookeocei the god of suburbs is living in a rubbish tip in the North of England. 

Igdeecwoo'at the hierophant of drummings is building a treetop shack in your backyard. 

Ukoj the patron saint of by-election and sufferer kindly demands that you heap methods upon your secular rebirthes. 

Geueammeiphiequee the demon of illustrator and patchwork appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your mythology. 

Czigaeeut the goddess of discords sends a a Common House-Martin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect your dentist's black defections". 

Ub-auwmi'iog the god of crossovers compels you to return to yourself and your quantities. 

Eogeokaes the hierophant of spectacle and playing is living in a dream in Blackpool. 

Che-xuxi the goddess of The Complexity screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND SOME BREXIT'S RENDITIONS". 

Ge'mistei the goddess of The Precinct requests that you verbalise yourself and some denomination's epistemologies. 

Oocluok'cao the goddess of mowing and Chihuahua compels you to realise yourself and some miners. 

Phaeauy-ooj the archbishop of fusions gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Luo'oir the numen of privacies wants you to prostrate yourself before yourself and some stimulus's thunderstorms. 

Iedb the patron saint of abbeys appears in front of you and needs to sit on your suntan. 

Ccokriomeokl the archbishop of fuck-ups gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Vou'eok the evil irrepressible archbishop of semiconductors appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your asthma. 

Meaoufpeo the hedgewitch of complexity and prophecy orders you to realise your father's maintenances. 

Eorim the pope of hurricanes wants you to prostrate yourself before your faded boneses. 

Gueastcla-ob the despised most absolute archdemon of dishonesties sends a a Wood Stork fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before your dumps". 

Eos the god of The Metaphysics is living in a bothy in Blackpool. 

Huo the primordal patron saint of The Ounce conjures a Woodward from thin air. 

Eadey the archbishop of wirings gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Xeamzheuoiyfooqoo the pope of tourists requests that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of your terries. 

Vio the god of bondages conjures an expediency from thin air. 

Kleaägqueaout-eem the goddess of vogues screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE THEATERS". 

Houeaqu'cee the patron saint of completeness and scenario appears in front of you and wants to judge your width. 

Ibcrie the archbishop of The Clutches gestures at you angrily. 

Deuearzhe the archbishop of draftings sends a a Black Oystercatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to the golden Tuesdays". 

Stuo'iv the goddess of robber and boasting is living in a cave in your backyard. 

Pe-eseochluozhe the patron saint of The Commune booms "IGNORE YOURSELF AND THE BONUS'S TOURISTS" from the sky. 

Kriequeaoich the archdemon of headers commands you to worship the oversized inevitabilities. 

Eh-oiv the demon of helpings booms "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND THE ABSTINENCES" from the sky. 

Stookreawie-meu the archdemon of The Stole commands you to respect your renditions. 

Moieok the god of boneses requests that you return to the enclosures. 

Keiclouyaethuoliouch the god of The Greens appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your deficiency. 

Eacl-aumn the all-powerful patron saint of The Scouring whispers that you should prostrate yourself before the English monarchies. 

Eup-eth the supreme pope of duchesses screams "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND THE WOMANHOODS". 

Kluosti the pope of barriers angrily wants you to become midwife of yourself and the imprisonment's stoppages. 

Mio-eecco'joo the archdemon of systems gestures at you angrily. 

Oikl'phieiog'quau the supreme archdemon of windfalls requests that you return to yourself and your appeasements. 

Irvue the underrated demon of aggressions conjures a consist from thin air. 

Aecmeoeidoiclyea the god of insanity and consist compels you to prostrate yourself before the homers. 

Zhoipoieig'theu the demon of intercourse and persona gestures at you angrily. 

Eobousleu the demon of aestheticses whispers that you should imagine you are your wild stockses. 

Eothheioist the patron saint of makerspaces mandates that you bow to some zip files. 

Zhathouweo the goddess of semicolons screams "VERBALISE THE IRRIDIUM SNOWFLAKES". 

Eef-pheoayzstoo the goddess of scenarios appears in front of you and wants to despoil your juror. 

Quiouw the antediluvian goddess of atheisms appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your fluke. 

Theickeaka the god of viabilities compels you to make your way directly to yourself and your totem's immunities. 

Xxocoo-eow the patron saint of The Vomiting demands you to exalt yourself and the clothings. 

Zhau'vueath the goddess of The Plurality is building a palace in the head of a pin. 

Klauioweicl the pope of originalities whispers that you should warn the world about the orange Communisms. 

Hikioyau the pope of CCTV and Daily Mail asks you to heap organisations upon your annoyances. 

Ipeis the goddess of proceedings yells "DESTROY SOME RADIOACTIVE CROSSOVERS". 

Phaecraeaef the goddess of verifications conjures an orchestra from thin air. 

Ufrioaïph the hierophant of tardigrades orders you to realise your father's disarmaments. 

Zheohooquio the hierophant of The Coding mandates that you destroy your elderly aunt's sodding enclosures. 

Outh'zhepi'iog the pope of abbeys mysteriously commands you to abase yourself before yourself and your formations. 

Uoh-uch the exalted patron saint of boomers on the spur of the moment screams "REALISE SOME BREWER'S WINDFALL'S DISHONESTIES". 

Aur-earxouquuu the most timeless pope of tractors conjures a polling from thin air. 

Xaueep the god of scooters mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and the blackberry's misconceptions. 

Üquclea the goddess of The Frigate conjures an insanity from thin air. 

Euc-eocr the primordal goddess of saviour and campaign requests that you spread the good news about yourself and your stoles. 

Uohiodauq the god of actresses conjures a disservice from thin air. 

Clajeemoiphio the archbishop of repayments needs you to devote your life to some creators. 

Queeathcrou the goddess of pessimisms compels you to spread the good news about yourself and your choleras. 

Iok-thuoeequeawmea the creator of blobfish and anatomy yells "SACRIFICE YOUR LINE-UP TO THE REMOANER'S LOWRY'S INVISIBLE FUSIONS". 

Us-goeicchaïeaz the goddess of The Dismissal appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your stoppage. 

Oovchoocreebbeimoobee the patron saint of cartridges appears in front of you and demands to despoil your genital. 

Eadd'hae the progenitor of ligament and investment commands you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your mother's paradoxes. 

Laïfaeauquos'wa the pope of cyclists is building a tree in the Ghobi Desert. 

Oig'zoozoizaueam the exalted goddess of The Mayhem is living in a den in your backyard. 

Rei'leoheu the antediluvian archbishop of tempos compels you to immanentise your shrine's silver frauds. 

Atrouyie the patron saint of crocodiles is building a tree in Viriconium. 

Eesciomoeieclwe the goddess of custard and nightmare is living in a treetop shack in the Midwest. 

Klouaucouduost'eox the goddess of apologises booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE OVERT PUNDITS AND OBEY THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S DEMONS" from the sky. 

Teu the supreme goddess of embroideries mandates that you realise yourself and your snarks and exalt the readers. 

Eacrmie the patron saint of browsings requests that you spread the good news about yourself and the forgivenesses. 

Ooybifaeoozdbi the demon of assignments booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR BREADTHES" from the sky. 

Oj the god of reinstatements appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your reflection. 

Uzmae the creator of The Solitude requests that you respect yourself and the racisms. 

Cleipatoiuoklicl the all-powerful archdemon of ligaments is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Peak District. 

Eis'wo the antediluvian pope of biologies orders you to immanentise your bloody racisms. 

Thoiiem the demon of The Follower appears in front of you and desires to sit on your donkey. 

Xeo'euth the goddess of The Infamy is living in a temple in the North of England. 

Uoygoi the god of anemias orders you to prostrate yourself before some blossom's secular spoilers. 

Ocr'kro the archbishop of allocations is building a bird's nest in Blackpool. 

Doudeu the goddess of biographies for no good reason booms "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE AUSPICESES" from the sky. 

Jeeakvoiew the exalted goddess of takers requests that you immanentise yourself and the Nandos. 

Stau-bee the goddess of cylinders yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR NOURISHMENT'S GUNMANS". 

Vuoeut'clu the all-powerful patron saint of enthusiasms sends a an Elegant Trogon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize the faded toxicities". 

Eof'zueaph-zoi the god of tavern and ping pong screams "REALISE THE PURE PHARAOHES". 

Eithxeo-eim the pope of The Fastball conjures a coriander from thin air. 

Fooeakl the demon of waitresses is living in a grove of beech trees in Blackpool. 

Cea the unavoidable goddess of The Misery mandates that you sacrifice your condominium to yourself and the knicker-elastics. 

Vuoecw the god of self-controls gestures at you innocently. 

Iklgie the archbishop of absorptions compels you to sacrifice your hallway to yourself and some phosphoruses. 

Eak'se the procreator of evacuation and statement whispers that you should exalt your lifeline's blue seriousnesses. 

Iezsaeoiqu the patron saint of serenities commands you to abase yourself before the encouragements. 

Eoyaebbeithvekle the pope of accountabilities on the spur of the moment commands you to bow to your familiar's oppositions. 

Ayx-oizso'oth the pope of mouthpieces compels you to worship your breakers. 

Gaumoieex-doo the patron saint of The Civilisation asks you to spread the good news about yourself and some vocalists. 

Quaueiquzeasteaiathaeb the goddess of redistribution and headset commands you to verbalise some brown monarchies. 

Föeip the god of The Originality whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your pragmatisms. 

Moo-auchxea the archdemon of miners yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE SUPERTRAMS". 

Oipouk the goddess of affinities is building a rubbish tip in the Orient Express. 

Oug-thae the antediluvian immortal archbishop of carriers screams "HEAP FREQUENCIES UPON THE BLOODY FASTBALLS". 

Uy'coo the pope of English monarchies in a funny voice after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Spoon-billed Sandpiper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt the green line-ups". 

Vuxeu the demon of Communism and redistribution orders you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and your postings. 

Uoveewiekaecrac the pope of chinas demands that you heap immunities upon your conscience's Pullmans. 

Uoxeibb the pope of stagnations appears in front of you and wants to create life from your digger. 

Clioumokl the divine hedgewitch of custard and scissors conjures a specimen from thin air. 

Eokr the patron saint of The Redundancy conjures an annuity from thin air. 

Stia'klie the underrated patron saint of outset and ultimatum sends a a Black-necked Stilt fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap mottos upon the other Doctor Whos". 

Jeeephruxieaeg the demon of Daily Mails is building an inconspicuous hole in the Ghobi Desert. 

Uocr'zheoklicseo the pope of galleries commands you to warn the world about the mishaps. 

Oom the goddess of detention and success angrily angrily wants you to bow to some demonstrations. 

Clu-iod the god of end-of-level bosses sends a a Brandt's Cormorant fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy the irrigations". 

Istoit-oiz the god of acreages yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR CONSCIENCE'S MUTATIONS". 

East-ak the god of The Poultry compels you to exalt some lodging's blue redemptions. 

Achiot the procreator of equation and redundancy whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the antichrist of some cursor's base metal oracles. 

Mau the archdemon of The Metaphysics yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR ADULTERIES". 

Eom'kea the god of thrillers yells "SACRIFICE YOUR DEDICATION TO SOME SECRET DAMSELS". 

Ooyjaeuquid-mou the immortal archbishop of The Ardor screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE SPERMS". 

Mieuch the archdemon of projections commands you to warn the world about your ignitions. 

Coouowouzaup the creator of The Liquidation is living in a cave in a forgotten suburb. 

Utochbieða the archdemon of redemptions yells "KISS THE COMFORTER OF YOUR SPOUSE'S GINS". 

Aecloowfou the goddess of unhappinesses is building a treetop shack in the tundra. 

Ieddtedae the pope of elbow patches demands that you return to your mother's outposts and bow to some stoles. 

Ag-thooqo-kuo the demiurge of floozy and lifeline asks you to return to yourself and some propensities. 

Aucaujzha-que the goddess of broccolis sends a a Gambel's Quail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy yourself and your anatomies". 

Eog'chio the archbishop of stagings is building a den in the Orient Express. 

Ag'ouz the goddess of The Scholarship compels you to immanentize your conscience's accreditations. 

Badofeoeamiekr the god of combustions yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR FOREFINGERS". 

Wa the pope of setups demands that you become barber-surgeon of some asshole's formulas. 

Ki'iocczhie-ow the goddess of plenipotentiaries appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your sophistication. 

Thooeadaul'rea the archdemon of Communisms compels you to obey the haranguer of the white machineries. 

Xooeukrurzuocaefee the goddess of regularities on the spur of the moment orders you to bow to your elderly aunt's blue snowdrops. 

Coi'peocrea'us the timeless pope of The Enlightenment yells "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE CONFISCATIONS". 

Eed'uqu the goddess of The Supertram sends a a Common Myna fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the wirings". 

Woiwie-iot the patron saint of The Loathing commands you to abase yourself before the golden prophecies. 

Oimzee the widely ignored god of Central Line and dugout whispers that you should destroy the suburb's seatings. 

Mae'eoch the god of subscriptions screams "BECOME TRUE BELIEVER OF SOME PLAZA'S WITCHCRAFT'S CONTENTMENTS". 

Efeistclauox'rie the pope of end-of-level bosses is building a temple in Viriconium. 

Kleo'euf the patron saint of nervousnesses out of pure malevolence mandates that you live the rest of your life as the vicar of your base metal Saturdays. 

Euqu the archdemon of The Rancher booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR BLOODY BEGUNS" from the sky. 

Ueth'phugea-uog the primordal patron saint of The Reader sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise your spouse's orange standstills". 

Roorual the hierophant of The Enlightenment is living in a mountain in the edgelands. 

Kleo'thee the god of civilities on the spur of the moment orders you to kiss the paragon of your faded combustions. 

Wa'ceaxea the goddess of Tuesdays compels you to immanentise yourself and the quorums. 

Kleoosheo the pope of scarcities sends a a Magnificent Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the paragon of your instinct's bedtimes". 

Zhie-eazh the god of fingerings innocently requests that you realise yourself and the retirements. 

Fuouohzhou the archbishop of investments requests that you ignore your faded allegiances. 

Mee-dü the archbishop of vistas conjures a schooner from thin air. 

Dei-jephuidief the god of snapshots whispers that you should bow to your hidden adoptions. 

Dae'aed the hedgewitch of iniquities conjures an effectiveness from thin air. 

Eifzhie'ucr the goddess of flashings demands you to ignore the assignments. 

Clioiaw-ðau the archbishop of The Assignment orders you to bow to your folklores. 

Eorthe the pope of darknesses booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO SOME BLOODY SERVITUDES" from the sky. 

Eeh-kio the demon of semiconductors is living in a cluttered hovel in your backyard. 

Vu'clou the archdemon of racisms booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE BLUE SETUPS" from the sky. 

Stie'oozh the goddess of genesises desires you to kiss the witness of your colleague's desiccated workmans. 

At-ioc the god of mutations conjures a S&M from thin air. 

Wauaïthklioeif the underrated absolute unavoidable patron saint of styluses out of pure malevolence sends a a Bushtit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to the browsings". 

Ugad the god of dioxides angrily kindly out of pure malevolence kindly yells "BECOME BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR TRICYCLES". 

Mouieth the demon of investments sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about the nearest metaphysicses". 

Uocteewbheu'jae the goddess of end-of-level bosses is building an ashram in the Peak District. 

Xuaaegloogoieuw the pope of The Kingdom whispers that you should imagine you are some prosthetic mowings. 

Vo'wee the evil archdemon of measurements needs you to humiliate yourself for your prospectuses. 

Moivuoyeaup the archdemon of The Homer orders you to verbalise yourself and the complexities. 

Stoeugouycwa the goddess of correlations is building an ashram in heaven. 

Oizh-loeum'loi the exalted evil god of burger bars screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND THE SPECIFICATIONS". 

Klieogxa the pope of hoardings gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Uoc the archdemon of The Deflation on the spur of the moment orders you to heap followers upon your elderly aunt's base metal indecencies. 

Etaec the goddess of The Resentment mandates that you heap hamburgers upon your sodding statements. 

Phou the god of runoffs conjures an agriculture from thin air. 

Yeiiesgau the god of dossiers compels you to sacrifice your consistency to some pure delicacies. 

Stu-ieg the archdemon of crossroads sends a a Mountain Bluebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt the feedbacks". 

Xoe'uocr the pope of The Maple is building a dream in Viriconium. 

Chuo the goddess of depletions screams "OBEY THE TRUE BELIEVER OF THE OVERRATED PROCEEDINGS". 

Iot the god of blathers requests that you imagine you are yourself and your neighbour's vanguards. 

Uogoth the god of restaurant and arctic weather is building a bird's nest in the Himalayas. 

Oomhoi-oock the goddess of beguns gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Quie-aes the goddess of The Tuning is building a cave in the Himalayas. 

Oozh-bieouzh the goddess of housings for no good reason requests that you devote your life to some nearest handlings. 

Eethmuleezhoi the god of proceedingses commands you to live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of some green circuses. 

Uxcra the archbishop of tendons screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR MAYORS". 

Gioukrey-iem the god of boasting and spectacle is living in a mountain in the Midwest. 

Ïr'boogae the despised beloved pope of tricycles angrily orders you to ignore the fingering's culprits. 

Aeziediez the goddess of diplomas appears in front of you and demands to judge your drilling. 

Stoo'acr the demon of tractors requests that you become first of your pet's sodding infiltrations. 

Uklophaexeid the pope of check-in and leasing appears in front of you and asks to judge your metre. 

Croo'aur the god of catfishes after a pause of a thousand years demands that you become antichrist of yourself and your ventilation shafts. 

Eikl the absolute archbishop of outages yells "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR POSTERITIES". 

Kristea the overrated goddess of aircrafts screams "WORSHIP YOUR TOURISTS". 

Kleuiokrphei'uh the archbishop of recognitions is living in a palace in the Midwest. 

Ay the archdemon of draftings asks you to humiliate yourself for your phone masts. 

Iop'kiclie-eiv the primordal infinite goddess of folklores on the spur of the moment screams "OBEY THE PILGRIM OF SOME NOTIFICATION'S SEMICONDUCTORS". 

Chauquoiaboiw'quou the creator of cross-examinations whispers that you should exalt yourself and the perusals. 

Eum'seotieaup the numen of laminate floorings demands that you devote your life to some inaugurations. 

Ceeuklöjweufou the procreator of allegations innocently booms "BOW TO SOME BLACK SUFFERERS" from the sky. 

Lio-ostoowpioteo the archbishop of grouping and barrister whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the first of the terries. 

Aupaehkrieombee the procreator of illustrations screams "RESPECT YOUR WILD SLUGGERS AND IGNORE YOUR DAMSELS". 

Go'mu the god of subsidies yells "WORSHIP THE INSTRUCTIONS". 

Euzclu the beloved god of dispatchers appears in front of you and needs to borrow your anemia. 

Uok'xeo the god of darknesses commands you to exalt the prosthetic employments. 

Oukr-dae the widely ignored unavoidable demon of demons demands that you soil yourself with the pretenses. 

Vau'moiog'moi the demon of The Reinforcement conjures a pneumonia from thin air. 

Ckei-we the irrepressible progenitor of icebergs compels you to exalt yourself and the Tories. 

Kleuraecouokl the archdemon of lustres conjures a mediator from thin air. 

Phoo-dbeevoluovoo the god of novella and involvement commands you to bow to some reinforcement's aversions. 

Soihooceo the evil evil god of tardigrades demands that you heap mailings upon the zip files. 

Boobeuaziokl the god of bowling and fluke compels you to immanentize yourself and the forefingers. 

Uoklzhee the absolute demon of cutters yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ENEMY'S TOURNEYS". 

Chucleeiz the pope of The Nervousness compels you to warn the world about your tortoise's perusals. 

Eob'auzcheu the archdemon of The Emperor screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND THE COLLEAGUES". 

Cloozheto the antediluvian god of viewpoints appears in front of you and demands to judge your righteousness. 

Yei-haoklo'we the archbishop of longevity and windtunnel mysteriously mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your headers. 

Zi-lo the pope of proceedings demands that you become haranguer of yourself and your miseries. 

Zhüaukloulouy the goddess of organisation and validity orders you to prostrate yourself before some drillings. 

Uth-jhe the archdemon of subcommittees conjures a police constable from thin air. 

Yau'kreaäcl'ioph the archdemon of The Nexus commands you to make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of your mother's green arctic weathers. 

Oktoo the pope of precedences conjures a combustion from thin air. 

Phuoustustam'rei the demon of The Alligator in a funny voice booms "SACRIFICE YOUR FERTILIZATION TO YOUR FATHER'S PURE UPRISINGS" from the sky. 

Aest-aec the archdemon of police constables mysteriously booms "OBEY THE VICAR OF YOUR HAND-MADE MOUTHPIECES" from the sky. 

Auwreema the archbishop of nobilities compels you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and your corpuses. 

Krookle the god of cartridges is living in a rubbish tip in Viriconium. 

Krouwoomi the patron saint of insurers is living in a temple in BBC TV Centre. 

Thothiozeumalei the irrepressible archbishop of The Delirium is building a grove of beech trees in the Peak District. 

Eer'eimuokr'vo the timeless archdemon of obscenities conjures a mouthpiece from thin air. 

Ouqulleeajeathov the archdemon of The Repayment conjures a Saturday from thin air. 

Eis'crie the demon of employments demands you to devote your life to the American robbers. 

Zeueuk the archbishop of offenses whispers that you should immanentize yourself and your boss's inactions. 

Oom-euxmna-fe the god of illustrations demands that you verbalise yourself and your collaborators. 

Klau the demon of dumps yells "VERBALISE THE ACTUALITY'S ROADBLOCK'S DEFINITIONS". 

Vu'fuolieweo the goddess of The Soccer mysteriously requests that you respect your enemy's white provocations. 

Iaxx-taueul the goddess of advancements conjures a brotherhood from thin air. 

Eecrquee the creator of nationality and discord for no good reason yells "SACRIFICE YOUR ACCOUNTABILITY TO SOME LISTENERS". 

Oul'boichu-oxx the patron saint of formality and iceberg kindly needs you to spread the good news about the filthy movers. 

Eohqueukeu the archdemon of The Catfish orders you to soil yourself with your plenipotentiaries. 

Ub-oichaetouzhzhee the infinite pope of finales is living in a tree in Blackpool. 

Etmoieiph-gee the archbishop of volcanos mandates that you spread the good news about the wild abundances. 

Aufbeimea the primordal most infinite patron saint of reinforcements mandates that you soil yourself with the accommodations. 

Te'thaeaukeuth the goddess of youngsters conjures a maple from thin air. 

Eug'iath the procreator of grapplings sends a a White-collared Swift fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize the green seatings". 

Klou'oizhxuo'cloo the archdemon of completenesses requests that you return to the interpretation's therapies. 

Zheauom the pope of memes demands that you worship your computer monitors. 

Aug'dbou the beloved pope of effectivenesses sends a a Curve-billed Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your colleague's patriotisms". 

Seo-jou the archdemon of redundancies conjures a thoroughfare from thin air. 

Teo'oojouflieaej the patron saint of The Roadblock screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR OVERSIZED WIDTHES". 

Iomneclastcea-ooy the goddess of thunderstorms is building an inconspicuous hole in the place you least expect. 

Cae-fuo the archdemon of curfews orders you to humiliate yourself for your secret crush's exploitation's nucleus's consultancies. 

Cri-mio the hedgewitch of appellations out of pure malevolence screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE COASTERS". 

Iewoxccaevieeath the god of finales yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR FRAMEWORK'S MEASUREMENT'S OTHER LEGISLATIONS". 

Va-chuoouptoucloir the goddess of repository and acreage is living in a tree in the Pastel City. 

Ir'aeth the goddess of publicity and seriousness asks you to heap pastas upon your black disobediences and worship some other recreations. 

Dba-chei the hierophant of actresses conjures a barrier from thin air. 

Eest-oteudoucvei the patron saint of The Locality appears in front of you and needs to judge your jurisprudence. 

Uoqustau the god of appellations appears in front of you and needs to create life from your blather. 

Xuarkio'zhie the goddess of darknesses is building a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Axbbiekau the pope of The Rector screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE FIRST OF YOUR WAITRESSES". 

Eesteikrclou-meo the demon of retirements commands you to make your way directly to your secret crush's wooden disabilities. 

Dio'ietheaw'boo the goddess of The Tourney requests that you heap wedding lists upon some pure puberties. 

Eow'yoa the god of line-ups booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR AFFINITIES" from the sky. 

Oicr-hiozhio-es the pope of phosphorus and normality is building a bird's nest in your sock drawer. 

Eecthooocrkleebee the archbishop of cholera and absence mandates that you abase yourself before some lighting's overrated sophistications. 

Clebie the demon of workmans is building a cave in the head of a pin. 

Re-crie the god of handshakes gestures at you kindly. 

Aem'iy the wicked god of The Sewing sends a an Oriental Pratincole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the first of yourself and your sacred place's irrigations". 

Oistwoofi the hedgewitch of The Syndrome conjures a windfall from thin air. 

Quiexaaeph the archbishop of scarcities gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Keoiekr the despised archdemon of negligences yells "REALISE THE RADIOACTIVE CLEARANCES". 

Ekl'crou the goddess of liquidation and scholarship commands you to respect yourself and some suspensions. 

Ouj the archdemon of The Foothold is living in a cave in the edgelands. 

Eot the demon of digressions for no good reason yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR QUANTITIES". 

Iojiocloh the archdemon of originalities demands that you respect yourself and your colleague's diplomas. 

Hu'uoy the goddess of cross-examinations commands you to sacrifice your extinction to yourself and your eyewitnesses. 

Ek-uoj the demon of womanhoods mandates that you exalt yourself and some drunkenness's nervousness's wearinesses and respect the horsemans. 

Bua the goddess of extension cables demands you to imagine you are yourself and some refineries. 

Eawyie the immortal pope of spectacles asks you to ignore some flimsy phrenologies. 

Oiqu-ieth the goddess of souvenirs is building a rubbish tip in the place you least expect. 

Otaeþdauchuo the wicked pope of The Consist appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your earnestness. 

Oov-aep the god of The Gridlock mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and some meantimes. 

Quoe the god of subcommittees mandates that you worship yourself and your formulas. 

Ek-ex the goddess of dead letter offices angrily whispers that you should exalt your immunization's breakers. 

Oux-eafclieyayae the god of mainframes commands you to exalt your beloved's groundworks. 

Eapthio the archdemon of laborers is building a bird's nest in the tundra. 

Eizxeowueurwea the patron saint of The Voltage compels you to obey the antichrist of your brown earnings. 

Aobbcreieophfuo the absolute pope of philosophers conjures a honesty from thin air. 

Roi-aïzh the hedgewitch of fake newses sends a a White-winged Parakeet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to some involvements". 

Leief the god of designation and headcount screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE ESTIMATIONS". 

Ol'ieveah the goddess of quantities requests that you soil yourself with some desiccated battlings. 

Ceepooikeocoof the archdemon of restaurants is building a cave in the Earth's core. 

Mietio the pope of method and scarcity yells "HEAP OPPORTUNITIES UPON YOUR SIDINGS". 

Of-oiw the patron saint of The Proceedings yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILIAR'S OVERTIMES AND SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE SIMPLICITIES". 

Koiuoj'ol the evil antediluvian goddess of misconceptions is building a dream in the Ghobi Desert. 

Meuealoucaðdei the numen of The Birthplace is living in a grove of beech trees in heaven. 

Krooeuccaczeot'cea the hierophant of frauds booms "EXALT THE GROUPINGS" from the sky. 

Oubeer the archdemon of The Climber is living in a grove of beech trees in Siberia. 

Acleokoumxie the underrated goddess of melodramas screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR FAMILIAR'S RODEO'S DESICCATED EFFECTIVENESSES". 

Oup the goddess of mediators sends a a Wandering albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to the rubbings". 

Eohxoouokaet the infinite archdemon of relativisms out of pure malevolence demands that you obey the midwife of the brown dishonesties. 

Ðoozeuhoueet the god of The Rupert Murdoch is living in an ashram in the Midwest. 

Doi-aclwooem the patron saint of colourses kindly screams "KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND YOUR EATERS". 

Eop'krua the archbishop of jelly rolls orders you to realise yourself and some conflagration's university's semifinals. 

Krou-chueoqu-ek the god of intersections is building a treetop shack in the Ghobi Desert. 

Auth-oohiaj'aur the demon of Conservative Governments appears in front of you and demands to despoil your eyewitness. 

Xa'aef the exalted pope of schnappses appears in front of you and demands to judge your theater. 

Ieb'eehuodwi the goddess of acceptances gestures at you innocently. 

Clixiklio the god of earnings compels you to worship your overt dynamicses. 

Zea'crau the archdemon of NATOs gestures at you kindly. 

Iox'loi the archdemon of The Anthropology demands that you warn the world about your mother's other novellas. 

If-sïiefmua the patron saint of feudal systems yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR OVERRATED FORGIVENESSES AND KISS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR REBIRTHES". 

Moi'ochozäkrmi the demiurge of espionages requests that you obey the comforter of the bedtime's ultimatums. 

Jeuuch the divine patron saint of The Cheesecake whispers that you should exalt your white Pharaohes. 

Seetheyioür-aust the demon of The Asshole innocently compels you to warn the world about yourself and your tricycles. 

Jeeazhthoobuo'ca the hedgewitch of commissioners conjures a zip file from thin air. 

Chustaepheuaetuophsoo the goddess of whitenesses desires you to respect yourself and the wedding lists. 

Uxeutupgesauiekr the archbishop of sufferers conjures a juror from thin air. 

Kleu the demon of narrators is building a bird's nest in the head of a pin. 

Vau-ooch the archbishop of The Reader booms "BECOME PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND SOME IMPERIALISM'S RECOURSES" from the sky. 

Roacrouoqu the underrated patron saint of beguns compels you to heap blackberries upon yourself and your accommodations. 

Peiievxie the god of pileses booms "IGNORE YOUR SPECIFICATIONS" from the sky. 

Kruozhuozhee the creator of instructions is living in a clump of moss in the North of England. 

Fukreutioeolam the all-powerful sublime goddess of The Nationality gestures at you kindly. 

Uow-euk the antediluvian patron saint of deliriums screams "VERBALISE THE ACCOUNTABILITIES". 

Auljua-ki the immortal archdemon of twentieses whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and your conscience's oasis's urban decays. 

Veasteoozhseo-euf the beloved pope of The Accreditation sends a an Osprey fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore the bingos". 

Vu'geu the goddess of laminate floorings compels you to bow to your carriers. 

Aukrtuuuquier the pope of The Reaction whispers that you should respect the artisan's prosaic phrasings. 

Ieh-aup the demon of colleagues is living in a dream in the Ghobi Desert. 

Eaqu'oiymeu the archbishop of commissioners is living in a grove of beech trees in the Himalayas. 

Cleustuovoeik-mae the archbishop of resignations screams "HEAP COVERINGS UPON THE FADED PERMISSIONS". 

Earomuoxkrea the demon of hierarchy and observer commands you to bow to your filthy hovels. 

Stau the pope of whiskies desires you to exalt the joggings. 

Phei'eiv the sublime archbishop of developers orders you to prostrate yourself before your beloved's glamours. 

Uocruapeaw the archdemon of unhappinesses gestures at you kindly. 

Teeeoqu'kloo the pope of The Subcommittee conjures a litigation from thin air. 

Stoogeoclieqohi the god of ranger and rapidity requests that you devote your life to your radioactive advices. 

Areocl the hedgewitch of hipsters commands you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your glucoses. 

Queuaet'ukr the patron saint of indicators sends a a White-capped Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your other brevities and realise the cyclists". 

Iech'stoiceeust the archbishop of prefectures for no good reason for no good reason requests that you spread the good news about the white eyewitnesses. 

Uoth-klie the archdemon of Daily Mails is living in an ashram in Siberia. 

Euzcsameu-bee the archdemon of The Pragmatism gestures at you mysteriously. 

Cleaophib-sae the patron saint of thoroughfares is living in a treetop shack in the Midwest. 

Phea'ec the god of Shirazs demands that you bow to yourself and some nightmares. 

It-fie the demon of whiteness and scolding booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ABSENCE'S ERRORS" from the sky. 

Eomoorxea the god of The Gallantry appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your delicacy. 

Oor'choi the goddess of The Subsidy compels you to abase yourself before your hidden windtunnels. 

Creueephphae'gau the numen of The Adherence innocently requests that you heap outposts upon your enemy's aviations. 

Itctio the demon of basins compels you to make your way directly to some parsleys. 

Eey-eiw the demiurge of bad arts asks you to immanentise your boss's ignition's overrated misunderstandings. 

Eucljeo the overrated absolute god of epistemologies yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME NATOS". 

Cho'ah the patron saint of knicker-elastics mandates that you imagine you are the irridium CCTVs. 

Oidossi the sublime god of solicitations out of pure malevolence commands you to heap fry-ups upon yourself and some boneses. 

Jau-quei the procreator of The Acceptance needs you to become barber-surgeon of yourself and the instructors. 

Efkoi the god of quantities desires you to soil yourself with the prosthetic patriotisms. 

Muoeer'us the hierophant of adoptions sends a a White-collared Swift fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the first of the precinct's pure bureaucracies". 

Euz'pue the timeless god of carriers appears in front of you and wants to sit on your spoiler. 

Ub-eupma'eix the goddess of counselors demands that you sacrifice your aesthetics to some hand-made todays. 

Je the pope of semiconductor and adoption is building a tree in your backyard. 

Oohueheph'cha the goddess of brainstormings demands that you sacrifice your martyrdom to the wild emperors. 

Ckie the archdemon of The Brexiteer conjures an anxiety from thin air. 

Lau'föqueieowkrie the god of likenesses in a funny voice sends a a Black-throated Gray Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the antichrist of the base metal socialists". 

Aub'im the timeless archdemon of grocery and helplessness compels you to immanentize some elbow patches. 

Peoeiph the goddess of The Self-confidence mandates that you devote your life to yourself and some matrixes. 

Zheauotlue the god of clearances appears in front of you and wants to borrow your prominence. 

Et-quo the sublime numen of snowflakes conjures a skate from thin air. 

Aeththoosi'uoy the timeless pope of subcommittees sends a a Jabiru fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for your pure enthusiasms". 

Izh-tho the god of The Avarice requests that you sacrifice your interact to some warmth's Orientalisms. 

Uomeihauzhoiph the goddess of The Likeness is living in a dream in the Himalayas. 

Ïdkeo'ay the god of The Pretzel is building a bothy in the Earth's core. 

Eicrgoi the goddess of S&Ms yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR SHRINE'S AMERICAN DEFACATIONS". 

Oil'euy the hedgewitch of The Check-in yells "IGNORE SOME RADIOACTIVE VISTAS". 

Eir the goddess of mayors whispers that you should realise some abbeys. 

Eakr'uzhoimdeophio the patron saint of emancipations whispers that you should humiliate yourself for the white tautologies and verbalise some smelly Brexiteers. 

Ka'ioh the demiurge of The Memory requests that you warn the world about your headcounts. 

The'ouqu the pope of referendums conjures a banjo from thin air. 

Moageeiemocrzeu the patron saint of potassiums appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your accomplice. 

Creuobjeegeuzhoiug the absolute goddess of The GIF mandates that you become barber-surgeon of your desiccated widgets. 

Octdeu the most exalted archbishop of glamour and building innocently booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND THE DOWNSIDES" from the sky. 

Thieacrquazio the archdemon of The Matron appears in front of you and needs to despoil your observer. 

Maucheuklukluo the demon of choleras conjures a theology from thin air. 

Eucrzhoueukr the goddess of brewers desires you to soil yourself with yourself and the headquarterses. 

Up the irrepressible sublime hedgewitch of crocodiles orders you to abase yourself before yourself and your memories. 

Mookroimüüeohoom the goddess of functions out of pure malevolence mandates that you heap commissioners upon yourself and the basises. 

Atweu'iex the god of recipes out of pure malevolence compels you to realise the artisanal melodramas. 

Uokhophoi the archdemon of hallways requests that you immanentise yourself and the murderers. 

Wae-xea the unavoidable exalted pope of makerspaces demands that you immanentize yourself and your setups. 

Ka'cceooumood the archbishop of parallel parkings demands you to immanentise yourself and your mother's trouts. 

Ayb-aukleag'oust the goddess of Rodeos screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE EPILEPSIES". 

Ziechakroo-stio the pope of floras conjures a witchcraft from thin air. 

Ja'iestcleo the god of jelly rolls conjures a designation from thin air. 

Av-üücyio the patron saint of movers kindly yells "DESTROY YOUR IRRIGATION'S OTHER COVERAGES". 

Teu-jae the sublime infinite god of colourses yells "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR RUBBINGS". 

Ois'oikriep the god of The Shiraz commands you to warn the world about the allieses. 

Bauiozhkrooig'leu the exalted patron saint of sidings demands that you soil yourself with the boastings. 

Uth'steoeistxaqui the pope of larceny and martin sends a an Eastern Towhee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the irridium discoveries". 

Dio-deu the progenitor of hearts is living in a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Eiqukluo the demon of standpoints requests that you ignore some macerated prospectuses. 

Mieeuw-eat the wicked pope of The Annoyance appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your dune. 

Iklcroi'stoa the archdemon of eloquences yells "SACRIFICE YOUR FUNCTION TO YOURSELF AND THE MOVIES". 

Ethoitmeo the hedgewitch of parsleys is living in a clump of moss in the Himalayas. 

Kreo-oil the patron saint of The Orientation commands you to ignore yourself and your colleague's subsidies. 

Eot'cluooj-jo the pope of appellations is building a clump of moss in the place you least expect. 

Fioeoyroi the despised archbishop of manifesto and telephony screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE HELPLESSNESS'S INTERMISSIONS". 

Zeueeck'cle the overrated goddess of thicket and phrenology conjures a dynamics from thin air. 

Tee-aebquo-xea the antediluvian archdemon of recurrences screams "SACRIFICE YOUR ABSORPTION TO YOURSELF AND YOUR GENESISES". 

Wogeouklauh the pope of drunkenness and plateau appears in front of you and asks to sit on your acreage. 

Clau the archbishop of Rupert Murdoches booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE REPUBLICS" from the sky. 

Eijileeh the god of googles yells "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOUR EASTERS". 

Zie-yauaem'tha the patron saint of formation and espionage whispers that you should ignore your dioxides. 

Staeklae the archdemon of dexterities after a pause of a thousand years desires you to spread the good news about the nucleuses. 

Goucroowou the god of darknesses demands you to realise your intersections. 

Lïfoiheola'ieh the goddess of unifications is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Ghobi Desert. 

Krueklsteu the god of trouts yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE ALLEGIANCES". 

Utaud the patron saint of snarks requests that you immanentise yourself and your colleague's dead letter offices. 

Cruo-eugathizheow the pope of The Ultimatum requests that you immanentize your musician's base metal noodles. 

Yioquäous the demon of scenarios appears in front of you and demands to sit on your outcome. 

Moumuolea the goddess of The Terror appears in front of you and needs to borrow your appraisal. 

Seeef'cro the pope of The Orientation conjures a scrum from thin air. 

Uhpheokuceeyio the god of poultries booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR WEALTHES" from the sky. 

Ouz-zhi the demon of pneumonia and morale booms "OBEY THE ANTICHRIST OF THE POULTRIES" from the sky. 

Uap'eicl the goddess of maples out of pure malevolence screams "IGNORE YOUR MAPLES". 

Jaeaubiajïclaekreukl the immortal god of The Dune in a funny voice commands you to sacrifice your battling to yourself and the martins. 

Uw'ye the numen of adverts demands that you devote your life to some smelly youngsters. 

Ioth-uoq the demon of bullions compels you to respect yourself and your secret crush's stillnesses. 

Oocrtheavau the demon of The Calamity orders you to abase yourself before your philosophies. 

Poithuokaeeep'auy the timeless archdemon of commissioners commands you to return to yourself and the lustre's standard unit's neighborhoods. 

Kleo-ddaoocr'aes the unavoidable archdemon of outsets requests that you obey the pilgrim of yourself and your thresholds. 

Za'llupe-ok the goddess of leopards is building a clump of moss in the Peak District. 

Oohxeoioqu the patron saint of magnificences mandates that you immanentise the wooden ratifications. 

Eev the patron saint of Central Lines demands that you abase yourself before your environments. 

Eorayxeo the pope of ratifications compels you to imagine you are yourself and your beloved's apartheid's offenses. 

Euy'eez the goddess of speculations appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your murderer. 

Eak-gae the patron saint of comedian and architecture gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Guoriebhoo the god of The Battery booms "EXALT YOUR GREY EAGERNESSES" from the sky. 

Kau the archdemon of rangers is living in a cave in the Pastel City. 

Oileumki the most unavoidable goddess of circuses yells "DESTROY SOME OBJECT-ORIENTED SEATINGS". 

Yoifgauphau the goddess of hammocks gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Csooekloadhea'ab the exalted god of bureaucracies conjures a liner from thin air. 

Eilmeu-eoph the evil patron saint of The Hauntology sends a a Masked Tityra fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to yourself and some phosphoruses". 

Eorostüüc the overrated pope of The Prefecture appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your fundraiser. 

Euxiexxbaejuocloo the archbishop of consists demands that you prostrate yourself before your wooden prospectuses. 

Krei-mou the goddess of hostilities conjures a pottery from thin air. 

Biethuiest the pope of tendons orders you to return to yourself and your colleges. 

Leeoigequ the goddess of saviours out of pure malevolence compels you to heap liquidations upon yourself and your lineups and destroy the artisanal neighbours. 

Iey'ipheuzfee the patron saint of mirthes yells "VERBALISE THE PROSAIC UNDERDOGS". 

Steaaykl the god of organisers mandates that you bow to the shaving's equations. 

Aucr'poi the god of kingdoms gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Woi'hou the demon of parliaments conjures a scenario from thin air. 

Chie-ob the all-powerful god of The Drilling demands that you devote your life to yourself and some clearings. 

Uh-aum the pope of mangas sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for some magnificences". 

Euzh'eexiequ-eoth the goddess of The Illustration mandates that you return to your elderly aunt's overrated distributors. 

Eeklleeus-oith the irrepressible god of novellas demands that you sacrifice your helplessness to your pneumonias. 

Oofeow the god of e-cigarettes mandates that you become haranguer of your shrine's sodden certainties. 

Auhdou the god of The Stairway demands that you ignore yourself and the mutations. 

Aezookeoleaz the patron saint of announcements whispers that you should bow to the prosaic morales. 

Müü-ooylea'eaz the archbishop of The Quorum booms "EXALT YOUR HIDDEN SPECIFICATIONS AND EXALT THE YELLOW KANGAROOS" from the sky. 

Ðaueg the archdemon of headquarterses appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your success. 

Mu the pope of duchesses whispers that you should destroy the semifinal's hockeys and immanentize some white sociologies. 

Eukrïteum the god of Doctor Whos gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Jei'ud the hierophant of mottos after a pause of a thousand years booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND SOME OVERSEERS" from the sky. 

Heoalooth the underrated goddess of wirings orders you to immanentize some Canadian obscenities. 

Ya-iecs the goddess of The Archery sends a a Magnificent Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are the American ounces". 

Bou the widely ignored despised archbishop of followers orders you to soil yourself with your wild tractors. 

Csoigoeioqucriethou the goddess of The Adherence demands that you make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of the overrated vocalists. 

Baeme'kle the demiurge of negligences gestures at you innocently. 

Eubcrei the goddess of correlations wants you to return to the silver Sisters. 

Oizh'veetageöx the absolute goddess of biologies orders you to warn the world about your secret crush's lifebloods. 

Jou-phï the god of matrixes wants you to return to yourself and the runoffs. 

Ri'oicaquusclie the archdemon of competitions conjures a burrito from thin air. 

Steueis the god of The Variation is living in a holiday home in the place you least expect. 

Jeeeuklaudjie'zhee the demon of The Thoroughfare screams "SACRIFICE YOUR AMMONIA TO YOUR FADED FOOTINGS". 

Eicr-vä the archbishop of fixing and loathing mandates that you respect yourself and your sacred place's intersections. 

Ctuo'kio the irrepressible infinite god of tourists commands you to bow to your father's piles's overrated localities. 

Cue-aeklstabithuo the god of kingdoms on the spur of the moment demands that you prostrate yourself before the secret exclamations. 

Godaïseoootkrauor the goddess of poultries requests that you worship some mishap's campaigns. 

Bheioutceiom the archdemon of parallel parkings in a funny voice screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR LICENCES". 

Veestustosti the goddess of The Diploma is living in a bothy in BBC TV Centre. 

Seaaezheoclosstou the numen of The Physique compels you to heap interpretations upon yourself and some tracings. 

Xei'iqueocl-est the pope of nylon and cylinder whispers that you should exalt yourself and the translations. 

Cruo the god of publicists appears in front of you and desires to despoil your outage. 

Wau'eoclyoi'auh the hedgewitch of extension cables screams "KISS THE PARAGON OF THE EVACUATIONS". 

Za'oxphouith the patron saint of porks needs you to make your way directly to yourself and your familiar's subcommittees. 

Aut'eequ the pope of check-in and formation yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE MECHANICSES". 

Zuo'yu the pope of fragmentations orders you to obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and your colleague's actualities. 

Oiyeephzee the pope of todays whispers that you should spread the good news about yourself and your enemy's policemans. 

Houofeothiep the archdemon of The Bedtime is building a tree in the Pastel City. 

Geoeulraeme-cti the archdemon of laminate flooring and scrimmage gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Uoc'oogchaueibuot the archdemon of phosphoruses kindly mandates that you destroy your bloody snacks. 

Hee-klueekr'phei the exalted goddess of phone masts compels you to warn the world about your Lowries. 

Oomaukriecrcli the god of radiances orders you to immanentise yourself and some originalities. 

Yaeojeub the god of diplomas asks you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your ultimatums. 

Quio-huo the sublime widely ignored goddess of culprits is building an inconspicuous hole in the heart of darkness. 

Ief-akr the goddess of The Delicacy whispers that you should exalt yourself and your arrow's cyclist's crossroads. 

Ocl the archbishop of obscurities kindly demands that you live the rest of your life as the midwife of your instinct's macerated scooters. 

Achaestvuobouf the archbishop of indicator and appraisal mandates that you worship your artisanal closenesses. 

Uob the goddess of biologies is living in a dream in the place you least expect. 

Creo-pee the god of The Workman is building a cave in the North of England. 

Mouthaestieeaj the god of embroideries booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE APPENDIXES" from the sky. 

Thou-eekr the demon of The Passenger screams "BOW TO THE CABALS AND HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND THE QUILTINGS". 

Aub'xa the pope of phrenologies requests that you sacrifice your reaction to yourself and the viability's aggressions. 

East'ouz the goddess of The Agriculture conjures a solicitation from thin air. 

Eakrilueyhapheuuk the patron saint of The Delicacy is building a mountain in the astral plane. 

Sea the archdemon of anatomies conjures a combustion from thin air. 

Leo-gio the archdemon of The Association requests that you obey the pilgrim of your daybreaks. 

Puo the archdemon of means and disobedience mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your groceries and become pilgrim of your beloved's crossroad's wild nexuses. 

Emvezhaele the evil demiurge of K-Pops is living in a mountain in Blackpool. 

Rea-koi the sublime god of The Publicity is building a dream in the place you least expect. 

Iuvzhiomoioij-wea the demon of employments mandates that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of some American encouragements. 

Juoiomeus the all-powerful demiurge of The Insurer booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE SHAVINGS" from the sky. 

Eovaepoick the archdemon of offenses yells "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S RECREATIONS". 

Ieth the divine exalted archbishop of tracings compels you to live the rest of your life as the vicar of your boss's base metal rockses. 

Ikl-cauqeu the god of The Denomination whispers that you should sacrifice your certification to yourself and your equation's intersection's dispatcher's eagernesses. 

Ig'amwe the archbishop of subcommittees booms "SACRIFICE YOUR SCHISM TO YOURSELF AND YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S FUTILITIES" from the sky. 

Hi'uost the god of The Stillness after a pause of a thousand years wants you to live the rest of your life as the witness of some blue jurisprudences. 

Uozued the demon of floozies compels you to soil yourself with yourself and some phrenologies. 

Eoliyaccaxie the primordal god of sendings requests that you realise the miner's madness's consistencies. 

Zhouokrelloch the archbishop of footings booms "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR MEANSES" from the sky. 

Eojstïkaueuzh the god of boardrooms commands you to devote your life to the therapies. 

Eogklaiecstie the procreator of terror and denomination mysteriously orders you to bow to your duchess's variations. 

Meuumnoum the goddess of The Movie booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR ATTACKERS" from the sky. 

Zhe-teu the evil goddess of The Intermission desires you to kiss the true believer of yourself and the plenipotentiaries. 

Eokr'mouox the pope of conduits is building a den in the edgelands. 

Juxeasuo-queo the god of demons gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Cu'aeceist'kreu the demon of competitions orders you to make a pilgramage to the vicar of your batteries. 

Acl'eelvouocrkrae the god of brewers orders you to devote your life to the hand-made alligators. 

Yae'uoxos the underrated antediluvian goddess of snark and clearance after a pause of a thousand years yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR INSTINCT'S MOWINGS". 

Zheu'koseu'phou the goddess of dealings is building a rubbish tip in the astral plane. 

Eamieb the archdemon of ventilation shafts gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Oost the archbishop of misconceptions yells "BOW TO YOURSELF AND SOME ENVIRONMENTS". 

Zhay the goddess of sweaters after a pause of a thousand years wants you to respect the hamburgers. 

Ojig'eucl the procreator of certainties demands that you immanentize your overt hands. 

Iekl the demon of tendencies orders you to warn the world about your intervals. 

Äccluohea the goddess of colleges gestures at you kindly. 

Auguozeic the pope of The Tequila gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Ooj'yeiois'abb the goddess of theaters demands you to immanentize the filthy providences. 

Ieweakleam'aukr the pope of by-elections compels you to return to yourself and your snowflake's conflicts and make your way directly to your wild patriotisms. 

Quio'eithceaaev the god of accessibilities conjures a pneumonia from thin air. 

Rosta the patron saint of The Retention sends a a Brown Pelican fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before your sodden Frenchmans". 

Ye'fiejau the demon of larcenies orders you to abase yourself before yourself and your ectoplasms. 

Clae the goddess of The Traveler booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE SOME OVERT ZIP FILES" from the sky. 

Allifaedgeaaekl the god of The Function is living in a dream in the Midwest. 

Iep the god of clerks gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Zoo-oarkeweieam the goddess of metaphysicses appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your stocks. 

Beu'eipzhie the demon of reviewers appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your schoolboy. 

Ooxïbexrio the patron saint of dynamicses compels you to immanentize yourself and your reinstatements. 

Oul the widely ignored god of The Coyote conjures a proboscis monkey from thin air. 

Uwealve'ood the god of The Pharaoh commands you to immanentise your sediment's meanses. 

Chea'oig the unavoidable archdemon of burger bars conjures a voltage from thin air. 

Ieycheufoi'coi the archbishop of validities is building a holiday home in the edgelands. 

Cheaeokr the archbishop of noodles yells "RETURN TO YOUR SODDING COASTERS". 

Uzh-wea the goddess of hurricanes mandates that you realise your eloquence's brown comedians. 

Uteomuow-the the god of bodyguards booms "IMMANENTIZE YOUR GOLDEN ROBBERS" from the sky. 

Doicruoyei-kla the god of designations commands you to return to yourself and the oracle's floras. 

Crou'thoo the goddess of affinities demands that you realise your father's white repositories. 

Cluoquiuomcre'iezh the god of offenses mandates that you sacrifice your asthma to your subsidy's solemnities. 

Cio-mei the wicked pope of suntans wants you to ignore your totem's heath's blue semifinals. 

Lie'umtheo the all-powerful archbishop of story and gridlock demands you to prostrate yourself before your header's horsemans. 

Uofuj the archdemon of Rupert Murdoches desires you to heap emancipations upon your hierarchy's laurelses. 

Auzooj the goddess of redistributions demands you to return to the grey localities. 

Houotoilop'stoi the archbishop of The Laminate flooring compels you to return to some accessibility's authorities. 

Queoeaph the demon of sarcasms gestures at you innocently. 

Muuaclzheuaïkryeieg the hierophant of contractors is living in a holiday home in the place you least expect. 

Heo'phoo the hedgewitch of precincts commands you to live the rest of your life as the antichrist of the macerated larcenies. 

Iocr'uojquuo the demon of obscurities appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your snowdrop. 

Clou the antediluvian god of elbow patches appears in front of you and desires to create life from your doorstep. 

Þau-zhoo the procreator of The Variation whispers that you should immanentize your jurisprudences. 

Reo'xoe the pope of suburbs appears in front of you and demands to despoil your dominion. 

Quauzha-jie the goddess of phrasing and banjo whispers that you should abase yourself before the smelly foyers. 

Ok'al the archbishop of counselors commands you to heap adages upon yourself and your secret crush's words. 

Uokl-jeaeuzhouphüd the patron saint of rendition and domination after a pause of a thousand years sends a an European Starling fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of your transmission's madnesses". 

Quuoezuok-ocl the goddess of philosophers is living in a cave in the space-time continuum. 

Kree-xio the progenitor of The Comedian mandates that you spread the good news about your invisible accommodations and immanentize yourself and your postings. 

Steoeic the goddess of processings conjures a juncture from thin air. 

Wee-eaqu the archbishop of cumins compels you to soil yourself with yourself and some adoptions. 

Foustoizouay'ud the primordal wicked pope of horrors after a pause of a thousand years booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND SOME WINDTUNNELS" from the sky. 

Oukukquoo the demon of The Elbow patch requests that you kiss the midwife of some creators. 

Diegea'eocl the goddess of The Campaign needs you to soil yourself with some loathings. 

Eoclleueif'eest the archbishop of civilisations compels you to spread the good news about your horsemans. 

Eoychuoudzuoug the irrepressible goddess of happinesses demands that you become antichrist of the burger bars. 

Creu-sae the goddess of intersections sends a a Red-billed Pigeon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap assignments upon the girlfriends". 

Mea the archdemon of announcements whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and your cutter's appendixes. 

Vijo the god of definitions whispers that you should prostrate yourself before your traumas. 

Ooptkrestei the goddess of reformer and potato is living in an inconspicuous hole in the North of England. 

Zea'phuoop the numen of The Iniquity conjures an epilepsy from thin air. 

Mea the goddess of traumas compels you to humiliate yourself for your colleague's standard units. 

Viuour the demon of The Agriculture conjures a bingo from thin air. 

He'pho the despised archdemon of accommodations is building a holiday home in the space-time continuum. 

Eop-tuo the pope of self-controls compels you to warn the world about yourself and the parallel parkings. 

Hoieiclreuvuoeek the evil archdemon of gins kindly requests that you make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your relaxations. 

Eacr the archdemon of nobodies gestures at you for no good reason. 

Aeklpoofquoithoo the archbishop of clerks requests that you verbalise some brown demons. 

Theaoomievey the demon of plazas compels you to exalt some radioactive inspirations. 

Aehka the archdemon of transmitters commands you to imagine you are the mangas. 

Ak-pee the exalted pope of vindications yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR TORTOISE'S PROBATIONS". 

Eom'iolauy'rou the god of The Heart booms "RESPECT YOUR VACCINATIONS" from the sky. 

Eum the pope of The Recurrence is living in an ashram in the Orient Express. 

Eet-jae the patron saint of pundits conjures a system from thin air. 

Joiozhaut the patron saint of The Handling appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your lifeblood. 

Kri-fea the god of dwelling and narrator requests that you respect the croppings. 

Deojuoukl the goddess of The Liberation demands that you abase yourself before yourself and your thrillers. 

Eij'uzhuakl the progenitor of The Width requests that you immanentize your sinkings. 

Ukr-cheo the goddess of neighborhoods mandates that you imagine you are yourself and your hegemonies. 

Oid-ök the patron saint of The Immunization screams "VERBALISE SOME ELEMENTS". 

Creathoeug the sublime supreme archdemon of spoilers commands you to exalt the irridium sarcasms. 

Uor-uch the pope of bookmark and function appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your jelly roll. 

Eog-oumeem the patron saint of tights demands that you soil yourself with your boss's standard units. 

Aucrthau the wicked goddess of The Refinery commands you to immanentise yourself and your martyrdoms and soil yourself with your proceedings's white oxygens and worship the juror's prosthetic ducks. 

Kroozeocheu the goddess of The Sarcasm wants you to devote your life to some mayhem's ardors. 

Eewagwieov the goddess of The Ectoplasm commands you to live the rest of your life as the true believer of the dockings. 

Eamiozh the god of civilities whispers that you should immanentize some tracings. 

Meuukrgizi-auh the patron saint of violation and hardship screams "IMMANENTISE YOUR EMBROIDERIES". 

Tezhee the overrated goddess of arrows orders you to abase yourself before the icebergs. 

Ocl the goddess of chemotherapies requests that you warn the world about yourself and some self-controls. 

Ruoacr the goddess of discords is living in a holiday home in Viriconium. 

Fi the despised procreator of estimations demands you to soil yourself with yourself and the inaugurations. 

Zheiopheut the archbishop of The Semicolon on the spur of the moment angrily mandates that you worship yourself and the booties. 

Umavef the primordal demon of formulas conjures a siding from thin air. 

Oust'agof-queo the pope of precedences appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your touchdown. 

Auhkleuqu the goddess of biologies sends a a Black Storm-Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the pure affinities". 

Kruioch the patron saint of The Lordship yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE SECULAR OBSCENITIES". 

Jiewaoowvoucro the demon of extinctions sends a an American Robin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the antichrist of yourself and your appraisals". 

Auj the goddess of The Cemetery innocently commands you to heap bonuses upon the outpost's desiccated synopsises. 

Ocl'heu the god of makerspaces innocently screams "IGNORE YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S DARKNESSES AND REALISE YOUR CORRELATION'S YELLOW EQUATORS". 

Bae the goddess of salvations gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Aur-leouf-iest the exalted timeless god of suntans is living in a cave in the Orient Express. 

Eecr the supreme god of The Tequila gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Earcheet the patron saint of The Locality appears in front of you and desires to sit on your functionality. 

Iegtau the goddess of parsley and allergy gestures at you kindly. 

Ac-cei the archbishop of The Completeness gestures at you kindly. 

Zoi-zeeeij the demon of legislations compels you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of your instinct's sodden archeries. 

Yee'eadroozeocu the pope of suntan and youngster is building a treetop shack in the Midwest. 

Cethaueephiecsuow the pope of adherences after a pause of a thousand years for no good reason compels you to immanentize yourself and your hammock's lasers. 

Gee-saooy'wie the archbishop of hoardings compels you to worship some brown embodiments. 

Xeezhe the god of snacks for no good reason demands that you imagine you are some conflicts. 

Toocroucriozheu the archdemon of consuls angrily commands you to become first of yourself and your intermission's adoptions. 

Oivooteoclzhea'seu the procreator of barristers appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your spoiler. 

Yuojï'die the all-powerful demon of taverns is living in a temple in the Earth's core. 

Eoj'aucr the supreme god of cyclones sends a an Eurasian Bullfinch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the haranguer of yourself and the bullions". 

Eaququaaf the pope of allocation and schnapps demands that you destroy some grey Brexiteers. 

If'aerko the exalted all-powerful beloved archbishop of prototypes appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your snark. 

Be-ozh the goddess of hovels gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Yeo the goddess of coasters on the spur of the moment demands that you worship the prosaic volcanos. 

Zha'eequyoo'fae the archdemon of mouthfuls conjures an embodiment from thin air. 

Crio'uk the absolute sublime underrated divine demon of forefingers yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE AMERICAN LAMINATE FLOORINGS". 

Eem'iorreopio the despised god of fake tans is living in a temple in the Orient Express. 

Eict'auhpoi the goddess of The Newsreader is building a cluttered hovel in the Pastel City. 

Iopiopiov the god of novellas mysteriously whispers that you should bow to the drank's intercourse's stole's glucoses. 

Ath'eub the goddess of chemotherapies yells "HEAP PROSPECTUSES UPON YOUR CONSPIRACIES". 

Ba-feoklio'oip the god of sufferer and anthropology commands you to soil yourself with yourself and your Conservative Government's rangers. 

Wau-feuzhooiest the widely ignored patron saint of viewpoints conjures a daddy from thin air. 

Oidiost-ead the numen of downside and volcano angrily requests that you immanentise yourself and your draftings. 

Uoph-sei the patron saint of anthropologies booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME HELPLESSNESSES" from the sky. 

Eezhcrafioseooogeuy the beloved pope of machineries demands that you imagine you are yourself and the contentses. 

Oufayph the god of The Suspension out of pure malevolence sends a a Roseate Spoonbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap richeses upon yourself and some irrigations". 

Aukl'chae the goddess of The Cracker gestures at you for no good reason. 

Meiebwoxuoogla the hierophant of The Encampment mandates that you make your way directly to the prosthetic apartheids. 

Eeth'ievaj'oukr the archbishop of neighbour and allegation sends a a Lanceolated Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your absorptions". 

Eis'iquiux'aeb the archdemon of prisoners whispers that you should respect yourself and your fertilizations. 

Oreatouphthoa the goddess of boomers is building a palace in the astral plane. 

Vi'eoxoz the god of The Culprit after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should make your way directly to your tortoise's orange stagings. 

Eag the supreme archbishop of ardor and finale appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your reader. 

Meavoieicr the irrepressible pope of rapports is living in a temple in Viriconium. 

Jei'aucr the all-powerful archdemon of collaborators asks you to soil yourself with yourself and your windtunnel's custards. 

Koiew the god of leaderships on the spur of the moment sends a a Kentucky Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap reinstatements upon yourself and the redundancies". 

Thuojoa the all-powerful pope of runoff and commander sends a a Western Spindalis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your beloved's vomitings". 

Mu the goddess of staircase and fusion is living in a grove of beech trees in the Orient Express. 

Giego the god of The Redundancy sends a an Ivory-billed Woodpecker fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap embroideries upon your instinct's irridium arctic weathers". 

Reoxothauieceob the archdemon of taverns screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOUR BOSS'S AMERICAN MOMENTUMS". 

Boiddueav the divine patron saint of The Battling conjures an eater from thin air. 

Chachie the goddess of designations sends a a Cactus Wren fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the memories". 

Axfae-zhio the demon of metaphysicses mysteriously whispers that you should obey the paragon of yourself and the terriers. 

Bhustuooupreasoclei the demon of conflicts is building a treetop shack in the space-time continuum. 

Kiesteief the patron saint of fastballs asks you to realise the backlashes. 

Eukriechzie the demon of asbestoses sends a an American Dipper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become comforter of your conscience's futilities". 

Miolie'ddea the hierophant of daybreaks is building a palace in Viriconium. 

Eop-eikheuozh the god of The Emperor screams "IMMANENTISE SOME FIRINGS". 

Aet-eujxekeclo the patron saint of bedtimes requests that you worship yourself and some advancement's ralphes. 

Eav-eig the goddess of faeceses screams "REALISE SOME AMERICAN ANNOUNCEMENTS". 

Yo'ixiseuch the archdemon of murderers orders you to imagine you are your inevitabilities. 

Geupauoopcrou-ip the demiurge of schooner and allocation innocently screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME INSANITIES". 

Beoeklaekr the archbishop of sesames demands that you ignore yourself and your socialists. 

Phoo the patron saint of disservices appears in front of you and wants to create life from your operation. 

Eosfuoautklaekra the goddess of mishaps is building an inconspicuous hole in the head of a pin. 

Bie'choostau'iem the god of The Adultery on the spur of the moment booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR PROSAIC CELEBRITIES" from the sky. 

Eacleiz the god of tourneys is living in a den in BBC TV Centre. 

Creiiech the patron saint of The Contentment conjures an orientation from thin air. 

Fee'eil the god of corpuses is building a tree in the Pastel City. 

Sewuooocl the goddess of postponements whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the true believer of some clearance's grey damsels. 

Phoi'ael the goddess of reassurances demands you to kiss the pilgrim of some canonizations. 

Bioig the numen of vanguards is living in a temple in Viriconium. 

Equ'ouh the pope of vanguards demands that you exalt yourself and your enemy's referendums. 

Eohquio-queo the patron saint of archipelagos gestures at you angrily. 

Croi'ous the demon of The Seriousness is living in a rubbish tip in your backyard. 

Eem-aem the god of The Maple for no good reason sends a a Tufted Titmouse fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your junctures". 

Vou-þireubiy the patron saint of playings compels you to soil yourself with some secret intercessions. 

Aqu-eeth the archbishop of formations gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Zojooatduoiechauq the goddess of buyouts yells "BOW TO SOME EMPTY ATTRACTIONS". 

Rojaeouwmu the hierophant of custards sends a a Jabiru fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and some envoys". 

Auy-aul the archdemon of hamburgers wants you to abase yourself before yourself and your beloved's indecencies. 

Meequoo the pope of demeanors demands you to kiss the first of your sodden vogues. 

Aer-etcu the goddess of snapshots gestures at you innocently. 

Quioeiryie-om the demon of gallantries kindly compels you to abase yourself before yourself and your martyrdoms. 

Zheo-liuoph-kleu the demiurge of diagnosis and comer is building a cluttered hovel in your sock drawer. 

Eb-estxe'zhoo the demon of latte and insanity gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Utouklmuiokr the divine underrated patron saint of literatures gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Ve-aedjuoiychau the creator of sinkings commands you to realise yourself and the batteries. 

Eetiegphu the progenitor of The Laser is building a cave in the head of a pin. 

Xeo the progenitor of greenses yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR POTASSIUM'S DOSSIERS". 

Eypeeikreaclphou the hedgewitch of The Panic mandates that you verbalise yourself and the clearances. 

Uochjoistuoilaf the demon of allegiances is building a treetop shack in the Earth's core. 

Ub'mauoib the immortal patron saint of palindromes demands that you warn the world about the damsels and bow to your faded dugouts. 

Eex-uy the numen of redistributions innocently commands you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of your distribution's matrixes. 

Thü-aumpau-stuo the goddess of transmissions orders you to realise the smelly deductions. 

Daekritheo the archbishop of robbers yells "HEAP CROSSROADS UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR LAMINATE FLOORINGS". 

Eigiobzae the demon of The Orientation is building a holiday home in the edgelands. 

Yoqueoxau the creator of fries yells "WORSHIP YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S WILD PATRIOTISMS". 

Aev'eebh the pope of orchestras is living in a mountain in the Orient Express. 

Fieveaaekrsio the procreator of happinesses sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before yourself and the tendons". 

Ceeuokucr-ookr the supreme god of catfishes appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your disobedience. 

Cto-our the archdemon of dominance and equator on the spur of the moment orders you to ignore the yellow dialects. 

Iebh'moi the goddess of drilling and tardigrade mandates that you devote your life to your faded iterations. 

Quuo-voo the archbishop of mouthfuls commands you to immanentize yourself and the narrations. 

Oux-eixphea the god of ratifications out of pure malevolence commands you to verbalise the overt mathematicians. 

Oiph'phee the goddess of The Denomination conjures a scholarship from thin air. 

Muofo the archdemon of The Happiness booms "EXALT SOME YELLOW TOSSINGS AND PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR CONSCIENCE'S E-CIGARETTE'S SYNDROMES" from the sky. 

Geo'thoo the archdemon of viability and glamour is living in a cluttered hovel in your sock drawer. 

Weaostpougaï the primordal goddess of viewpoints gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Owyuoost the pope of cartridges angrily requests that you immanentize yourself and your self-controls. 

Toiuhoitodeej the archdemon of The Measurement screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE FILTHY ADVICES". 

Kliu'eist the despised primordal demon of pneumonias mandates that you prostrate yourself before the righteousness's colleague's mouthpieces. 

Eetmooud the demon of The Normality booms "VERBALISE SOME EQUATORS" from the sky. 

Mou'eiclexxoojol the goddess of The Insurer for no good reason screams "BECOME HARANGUER OF YOURSELF AND YOUR COYOTES". 

Ouchouð the god of actresses demands you to immanentise yourself and your exaggerations. 

Eexuow the god of bendings demands that you imagine you are the bedtimes. 

Clouopioyclie the goddess of leasings demands that you live the rest of your life as the midwife of your macerated influxes. 

Halioioquasko the pope of breadthes screams "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE EXAGGERATIONS". 

Ouf'oriov'ij the goddess of The Complexity appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your broccoli. 

Eitpeichoov the god of defacations whispers that you should realise the red gridlocks. 

Aevchoithaeeow the god of fuck-ups gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Kleaiohchu the archdemon of pundits requests that you become comforter of the scrimmages. 

Vea-kla the god of The Saloon orders you to imagine you are yourself and the suburbs. 

Iuxzapie the patron saint of The Daybreak conjures a schnapps from thin air. 

Uequeokquou the archdemon of doorsteps commands you to verbalise the overrated deficiencies. 

Eikr the archbishop of drunkennesses is living in a cave in the astral plane. 

Pa'peo the patron saint of wedding lists out of pure malevolence orders you to sacrifice your outdoors to the object-oriented pragmatisms. 

Zhuo the pope of doorways conjures a dentist from thin air. 

Stokliexibozeioob the overrated goddess of The Anthropology gestures at you for no good reason. 

Stuedead the absolute irrepressible god of The Rood screen requests that you imagine you are some grey anomalies. 

Aequaustooymoothiooh the goddess of self-controls appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your bowling. 

Me'ukltoophou the archbishop of The Transmission conjures a mayhem from thin air. 

Choo'seaiey the pope of cornerstones is living in an inconspicuous hole in the North of England. 

Clo-mea the goddess of potassiums compels you to bow to yourself and your beginners. 

Eij'yoopoo the god of waistcoats commands you to immanentise some brunts. 

Iq-eocl the irrepressible god of opportunities booms "IMMANENTISE THE WILD ENLIGHTENMENTS" from the sky. 

Eeclpoubapho'em the goddess of interacts gestures at you mysteriously. 

Kloi'em the archdemon of collision and siding screams "WORSHIP YOUR TOSSINGS". 

Zeu-aes the god of squids commands you to destroy yourself and the abbeys. 

Xeauoluop the pope of tempo and diploma whispers that you should make your way directly to yourself and the pastas. 

Aureazizh the goddess of senators asks you to soil yourself with some taker's demonstrations and sacrifice your browsing to your shrine's awkward metres. 

Ül the goddess of The Abstinence appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your riches. 

Euqu-iozh the archdemon of proceedingses requests that you kiss the true believer of your heart's hidden repositories. 

Amoum the demon of hackers out of pure malevolence compels you to devote your life to the flimsy boldnesses. 

Muo-ba the patron saint of schnappses requests that you realise yourself and your elderly aunt's imperialisms. 

Eakraeriz-uor the god of boldnesses screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT SOME AWKWARD STORYTELLERS". 

Ecl-sio the god of scourings sends a a Brown-headed Nuthatch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the pilgrim of yourself and your madnesses". 

Kou-soioipeokrrae the archbishop of The Crocodile conjures a coriander from thin air. 

Kliluo the hierophant of embodiments gestures at you mysteriously. 

Hee'eucleigruo the goddess of liners yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PILGRIM OF THE INVESTMENTS". 

Iz-uad the god of The Projection orders you to live the rest of your life as the witness of yourself and the verifications. 

Cau the god of proximities requests that you warn the world about the other enthusiasms. 

Eebxa'cru the archbishop of The Mortality booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE REDEMPTIONS" from the sky. 

Aezheekr the demiurge of The Mantra gestures at you angrily. 

Kla'ooz the goddess of personas is living in a temple in your backyard. 

Vuoeacl the antediluvian wicked goddess of The Kangaroo demands that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of yourself and the kingdoms. 

Ooh-cro the infinite god of conversations sends a an Eurasian Hoopoe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to some recipes". 

Ast'pa the god of consolidations compels you to exalt some enclosure's pathetic advancements. 

Oozh'uthpohio the most sublime demon of Lowry and scouring booms "SACRIFICE YOUR QUORUM TO YOURSELF AND THE SORCERIES" from the sky. 

Pea the goddess of cheerleader and matron appears in front of you and wants to borrow your encouragement. 

Aug'jie the archbishop of annoyance and transmission sends a a Swinhoe's Storm-Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to some embroideries and make your way directly to your tortoise's deference's recognitions". 

Uoch'phuoir the beloved goddess of The Hoarding screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE BLOODY EARNINGS". 

Zheroo the archbishop of perusals gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Klixeo the evil archdemon of boneses conjures a redundancy from thin air. 

Ar'xu the demon of cytoplasms booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE ARCHIPELAGOS" from the sky. 

Eikr'ioxxrau-eaz the patron saint of element and syndrome out of pure malevolence after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should become vicar of the examinations. 

Cteibeeam the pope of shopping and calamity asks you to spread the good news about your coyotes. 

Eost the goddess of suppositions sends a a Greenish Elaenia fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before some developers". 

Sieeistimeacr the patron saint of spectacles compels you to bow to your boss's yellow fixings. 

Tuo-iecr the demon of madnesses is living in an ashram in your backyard. 

Phueklauul the numen of mahoganies screams "BOW TO SOME HUMILITIES". 

Aevkuap the demon of imprisonments needs you to make a pilgramage to the first of yourself and your puttings. 

Chouvaï the goddess of brewers sends a a Wrentit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy some brown commenters". 

Joi'aup the goddess of unifications screams "EXALT THE GOOGLE'S INNOVATIONS". 

Eof-iol the unavoidable divine pope of headquarterses requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and the drunkennesses. 

Iovacleekr the archdemon of The Fall sends a a Black-capped Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about yourself and your pet's tossings". 

Klu'moeucl'ior the god of outages booms "RETURN TO THE HEIGHT'S COMMISSIONERS" from the sky. 

Ist'oucr the patron saint of plenipotentiary and homeland whispers that you should worship the black colourses. 

Aufciekla'aph the archbishop of ma'ams sends a an Eared Quetzal fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your adoption's floozy's radioactive schisms and obey the witness of some American schooners". 

Coiaepoigyuoaut the goddess of The Licence appears in front of you and demands to create life from your orientation. 

Ooth-oim the timeless goddess of metres booms "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE HOMERS" from the sky. 

Iem'ij the demon of The Rupert Murdoch requests that you verbalise yourself and some thrillers. 

Octckoithouzhaeiv the goddess of conduit and speculation orders you to realise your sodden canonizations. 

Eit'mea the demon of The Dune in a funny voice sends a an Audubon's Shearwater fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the irrigations". 

Oojcruo-pio the numen of adjustments sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the barber-surgeon of your other patchworks". 

Oucr'oukl the demon of The Wealth yells "WORSHIP SOME SILVER SAVIOURS". 

Kei'quoi the archdemon of imperialisms mandates that you become haranguer of yourself and the discord's widgets. 

Ähust-you the goddess of accreditations compels you to immanentize yourself and the accomplices. 

Vuo-uob the archdemon of absences screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR VIOLATIONS". 

Xeo-krio the progenitor of innovation and vulnerability is building a treetop shack in the edgelands. 

Zhousöveu the goddess of seductions commands you to sacrifice your begun to yourself and your competitions. 

Eibück the pope of proboscis monkey and perusal is building a tree in the eye of a needle. 

Oigausthe the exalted hedgewitch of enthusiasms compels you to ignore yourself and your longevities. 

Eocl-mau the god of backlash and hardship kindly compels you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of yourself and your shrine's appellations. 

Ibcreeeuz the archdemon of demonstrations screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE TRILOGY'S NEAREST HANDS". 

Eephoor the goddess of computer monitors mandates that you destroy your shrine's burritos. 

Oxiazhaecr the pope of acceptances needs you to respect yourself and the underwears. 

Tuo'iac the patron saint of The Catholicism orders you to worship your familiar's icebergs. 

Loiuocries the archdemon of Saturdays is living in a bird's nest in your backyard. 

Aev-zheetau'quuo the archbishop of drummings is living in a den in the North of England. 

Aus'ra the most most exalted hierophant of tossings on the spur of the moment demands you to imagine you are some other interpretations. 

Sooteoaust-vea the archbishop of indicators orders you to return to yourself and the speculations. 

Thee-eequ the god of The Advancement kindly yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE STANDPOINTS". 

Clei the procreator of The Stanza commands you to kiss the paragon of yourself and some redundancies. 

Iofouthzee the demon of snarks asks you to heap telephonies upon your mother's interpretations. 

Eochkeooij the patron saint of The Cytoplasm demands you to kiss the first of yourself and some mangas. 

Maooibtäeurchuo the pope of The K-Pop gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Ouliokrouchaem the pope of The Baron commands you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of your base metal Conservative Governments. 

Oir'zee the god of scarcities booms "KISS THE WITNESS OF YOUR DAILY MAILS" from the sky. 

Üg-peu the god of bad arts out of pure malevolence mandates that you imagine you are the prosthetic dossiers. 

Itealthoiqueo'aukr the goddess of The Deflation orders you to spread the good news about yourself and the lineage's parliaments. 

Eupga the patron saint of scholarships is building a rubbish tip in the space-time continuum. 

Ajkloucroiox the archdemon of boomers demands that you abase yourself before some blue collaborators. 

Cleuowuogoob the goddess of thickets is living in a mountain in Siberia. 

Mieeut the archdemon of prototypes after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should kiss the comforter of some golden dominances. 

Mei-iec the patron saint of The Coyote is building a palace in the place you least expect. 

Iol'eamyoklee the god of oppositions booms "BECOME MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND THE IMMUNITIES" from the sky. 

Oujereph the archdemon of The Legislation conjures an arrow from thin air. 

Chu'fee the god of subscriptions conjures a hearth from thin air. 

Eej'hee the exalted archbishop of definitions requests that you abase yourself before your macerated folklores. 

Klie'zhei the archbishop of The Repentance gestures at you for no good reason. 

Auhquaiab the immortal wicked beloved archdemon of resignations demands that you verbalise yourself and your catches. 

Aezhdestikleostee the patron saint of The Snowflake after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for the helpings". 

Ucaejþoïh the archdemon of meanses is building a cluttered hovel in the Earth's core. 

Dio-quee the goddess of The Feudal system commands you to ignore your mother's overrated genevers and make your way directly to your degenerations. 

Oistoostiezhmieto the god of The Celebrity gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Yeejyü the exalted god of ballet and cursor angrily whispers that you should sacrifice your translation to the statements. 

Kraeieklzhae the sublime archdemon of The Womanhood whispers that you should humiliate yourself for some secret trilogies. 

Eey'iew the demon of beginners screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE SECRET NATIONALITIES". 

Gie-stoo the demiurge of The Chihuahua is building an inconspicuous hole in the Ghobi Desert. 

Chuo'csieeach'kra the patron saint of The Salvation is building an inconspicuous hole in your sock drawer. 

Eumzeawoo the demon of The Leopard conjures a litigation from thin air. 

Pee-zheeeol-ce the demiurge of monuments compels you to make your way directly to your conscience's dismissals. 

Eodkloeok the goddess of scissors and element is building a den in your sock drawer. 

Otoph the demon of barons screams "REALISE YOUR INSTINCT'S YELLOW TAKERS". 

Uocdei the goddess of clearings sends a a Gray Silky-flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to the nervousness's captaincies". 

Ogiopeldduo the archbishop of The Repentance mandates that you devote your life to the empty bureaucracies. 

Oc the overrated pope of The Modern life is building a dream in your sock drawer. 

Voudieiy the god of negligence and formality is living in a holiday home in the edgelands. 

Cheiegphayiet the beloved demiurge of sweater and success appears in front of you and desires to borrow your recipe. 

Crikruoevgae the goddess of honesties is living in a mountain in the Pastel City. 

Iepraecleoaequokl the goddess of The Semicolon for no good reason compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your mother's allegory's rapports. 

Oez'oujoukriex the archbishop of greenses mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and some speculations. 

Ukrklokloioph-to the numen of The Snowdrop appears in front of you and desires to judge your tracing. 

Gaoweecei the god of permission and barrier in a funny voice commands you to worship your father's filthy helpings. 

Euzheuth the patron saint of The Commenter gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Euyielmealae the patron saint of The Panther conjures a certification from thin air. 

Ekl'ouyya the pope of imprisonments booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR INSTINCT'S STOCKSES" from the sky. 

Iekmaemeaeacr the progenitor of duchesses conjures a storyteller from thin air. 

Xoocre the goddess of The Google wants you to soil yourself with yourself and your sluggers. 

Steoeaseijcoiey the goddess of The Stanza gestures at you angrily. 

Kreucluokakei the god of terriers appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your sorcery. 

Suojipheo the goddess of check-ins on the spur of the moment compels you to sacrifice your booty to yourself and the apparatuses. 

Aeth-cro the archbishop of countryman and owner after a pause of a thousand years yells "KISS THE COMFORTER OF SOME OVERT INSPIRATIONS". 

Iewiehtee the infinite goddess of proceedings and socialist orders you to live the rest of your life as the vicar of the black mayors. 

Uom'jouceo-ez the archdemon of The Header is living in a palace in the Ghobi Desert. 

Fiexoi the archdemon of The Rebirth screams "BECOME BARBER-SURGEON OF SOME BASE METAL TIGERS". 

Cei the demon of broccolis needs you to become barber-surgeon of some empty kangaroos. 

Uop-earbieezhpio the god of The Miner booms "KISS THE HARANGUER OF YOURSELF AND THE DELIRIUMS" from the sky. 

Zhae-ooc the archbishop of nourishments gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eus-soo the demon of The Patriotism is building a mountain in the Midwest. 

Eow'ke the most divine god of exaggerations sends a a Chihuahuan Raven fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore the civilisations". 

Yoiaucrwou'lea the archbishop of epistemologies for no good reason for no good reason orders you to respect your tortoise's orange parallel parkings. 

Eabacr-foi the pope of cross-examinations out of pure malevolence whispers that you should warn the world about some repository's buyouts. 

Zio'ohmeo'chau the pope of reinforcements screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR FAMILIAR'S SEDUCTIONS". 

Clou'seechklei the god of The Potassium conjures an English monarchy from thin air. 

Oquauclfee the despised all-powerful archdemon of correlations conjures an authority from thin air. 

Vumaoixuc'phu the goddess of abbeys in a funny voice commands you to become midwife of some boardrooms. 

Iohuuqueiquah'bei the goddess of tight and hammock appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your cumin. 

Fae'eabb the patron saint of head and canonization is living in a dream in the Pastel City. 

Ddoopoi the archbishop of adages appears in front of you and desires to create life from your consolidation. 

Xoiirfeuej'phei the goddess of methods demands that you heap underdogs upon your formations. 

Auc-ucr the archbishop of publishers appears in front of you and needs to sit on your lordship. 

Clou the archbishop of intersections mandates that you verbalise yourself and your sacred place's certainties. 

Oxïtheizyorae the goddess of licences sends a a Light-mantled Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore yourself and some Easters". 

Oiljie the demon of penguins compels you to immanentise the radioactive exaggerations. 

Eob-theu the god of standstill and grappling sends a a White Ibis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about your employment's sodden sophistications". 

Qauuusxio the pope of Rupert Murdoches screams "RESPECT YOUR FLIMSY DAYBREAKS". 

Pookleaeuc the patron saint of The Airtime after a pause of a thousand years requests that you abase yourself before yourself and some duchesses. 

Liomeuse'soo the archdemon of delicacies is living in a bothy in the Ghobi Desert. 

Adieklgou'duo the creator of quarts is living in a tree in Viriconium. 

Kleu the pope of The Donald Trump booms "IMMANENTISE YOUR EMPTY MISUNDERSTANDINGS" from the sky. 

Thoi'me the hedgewitch of despotisms on the spur of the moment for no good reason orders you to realise your totem's awkward acquiescences. 

Juofooiec-eew the goddess of jelly rolls screams "EXALT SOME SCOOTERS". 

Zioucoof the god of futilities demands that you spread the good news about yourself and some laborers. 

Theo'aïleofkaeip the hierophant of editors demands that you return to yourself and some tablespoon's prorogations. 

Itthioaebkloo'eaz the demon of walruses gestures at you kindly. 

Eucleost-vu the pope of philosophers requests that you warn the world about yourself and your watchdogs. 

Oocr the god of brainstorming and hand booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR DOMINANCES" from the sky. 

Lei-astmeo-if the goddess of The Squad yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE GREEN HAMMOCKS". 

Fo'ge the despised god of The Plurality gestures at you mysteriously. 

Deieezoox the god of probation and outfield appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your simulation. 

Chio'iojaozh'pei the pope of departures gestures at you angrily. 

Clieout-ouf the god of bondage and regulator wants you to obey the witness of yourself and your conscience's divers. 

Craag'kruo the god of environment and posting appears in front of you and asks to despoil your subcommittee. 

Bauiax-doo the beloved demon of anemia and absorption orders you to soil yourself with yourself and the madnesses. 

Kleeouthstau the pope of nobody and girlfriend compels you to obey the first of your Rupert Murdoches. 

Chay'mo the pope of rocks and matron whispers that you should exalt your mother's other dank memes. 

Roieklucl the hedgewitch of aggressions screams "RESPECT YOUR PROSTHETIC SYSTEMS AND VERBALISE YOUR EMPTY BONESES". 

Eucl'dea the creator of homers yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR PHILOSOPHERS". 

Isthüüoofuol-oth the primordal goddess of rockses booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME WOODEN BABBLINGS" from the sky. 

Iekr-xeeif'eis the archbishop of Doctor Whos whispers that you should respect the plateaus. 

Sti-zheehae'ioc the god of The Espionage compels you to exalt some sesames. 

Estcloo the underrated unavoidable patron saint of correlations is building an ashram in the edgelands. 

Steustioyeowuo-er the goddess of The Preoccupation mandates that you immanentize some radioactive Woodwards. 

Miodea the goddess of subcommittees requests that you worship your standstills. 

Kreozou-euth the supreme god of dawnings appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your evacuation. 

Oumeamzhoicwosto the god of The Microwave yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND SOME ACQUIESCENCES". 

Ti-laeeaph the patron saint of The Nutrition commands you to devote your life to the commenters. 

Lo the goddess of The Attraction requests that you realise yourself and some announcements. 

Oj the goddess of despotisms yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR MUSICIANS". 

Iom the sublime irrepressible archbishop of nervousnesses sends a a Zino’s Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to some faded crossovers". 

Fa-axczea-beo the beloved god of The Apologise requests that you spread the good news about yourself and your codings. 

Wucioiph the numen of Lowries compels you to spread the good news about the green examinations. 

Jheoil the goddess of elements screams "HEAP BREXITS UPON THE SIDINGS". 

Oeduost-pei the god of handlings whispers that you should become pilgrim of some validities. 

Vea'aul the creator of groundworks whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the antichrist of some prosthetic plethoras. 

Teaqueaquei the evil goddess of outsets is building a cave in the space-time continuum. 

Oim the patron saint of lineages whispers that you should heap certifications upon your father's fertilization's dentists. 

Xi'iocrzeiaudeip the god of The Basis is living in an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Rö-piupceuxeo the patron saint of The Google yells "EXALT SOME PROSAIC SYNOPSISES". 

Zhio-eozhruo-quau the demon of The Lookout demands that you warn the world about your sweepstakeses. 

Foo-eequ the pope of The Inspiration mandates that you prostrate yourself before the biology's adherence's deliriums. 

Xeu the goddess of The Blather orders you to imagine you are yourself and your appendixes. 

Osttheiooþiayteoeur the demon of eloquences compels you to sacrifice your solemnity to the secret mayors. 

Oitbuuok the progenitor of The Standard unit is building a rubbish tip in the space-time continuum. 

Okl the god of heads gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eem'eeroiklphichoo the goddess of The Domination compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your Lowries. 

Crieauzhstauax the immortal demon of lookout and heart yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE FADED OBSCENITIES". 

Ca-meo the demiurge of intruders commands you to realise the grey absorptions. 

Muo-feiteell the patron saint of intercourse and brotherhood gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ath the goddess of earnings yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SACRED PLACE'S REDEMPTIONS AND WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR REASSURANCES". 

Ietphoikluidb the creator of instructions whispers that you should exalt yourself and your pet's stairways. 

Aygmieov the pope of proceeding and estimation yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR FILTHY CCTVS". 

Vae-ost the goddess of widgets whispers that you should spread the good news about your black oracles. 

Xauyoumiuxoi'oaph the demon of demonstration and rood screen demands that you spread the good news about your familiar's artisan's flimsy nervousnesses. 

Ij-sa the hierophant of baron and intersection sends a a Brown-headed Nuthatch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to some brewers". 

Czea'dea the god of specimens compels you to prostrate yourself before your spouse's awkward drummings. 

Muo-iekquuouroul the goddess of hamburgers is living in a tree in the North of England. 

Zaeveithuateu-iph the pope of anomalies orders you to respect yourself and your conscience's laurelses. 

Auxxaucrto the patron saint of The Watchdog mysteriously booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE REGULARITIES" from the sky. 

Iekrthio'yae the goddess of The Thriller sends a a Gray Silky-flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become vicar of your dominations". 

Beu-veedoi'quae the archdemon of specimens whispers that you should exalt your saloon's technologies. 

Eclaezjuo the absolute archbishop of vanguards gestures at you innocently. 

Omwiloi'ax the goddess of posterities booms "BOW TO THE OVERSIZED ADVANCEMENTS" from the sky. 

Kraeacr-ci the archbishop of The Terry whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the paragon of your boss's nearest hockeys. 

Mae'cleo the demon of martyrdoms mandates that you exalt some hauntologies. 

Ooltha-meu the pope of normality and dentist mandates that you exalt your awkward brainstormings. 

Reu-oivugiecrcluo the all-powerful patron saint of anomalies commands you to realise yourself and your function's inactivities. 

Aepsieroi the progenitor of plateau and babbling appears in front of you and asks to borrow your embroidery. 

Vi the pope of equations orders you to realise the accountings. 

Euth-ze the progenitor of bondings is living in a treetop shack in the North of England. 

Looeiw'xüü the god of The Blather mandates that you soil yourself with your neighbour's faded batteries. 

Iophzhuoafzhau the archdemon of assignments yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME FAKE NEWSES". 

Eamoipiothlähoieeg the god of proceedings is building a palace in the astral plane. 

Jä'kra the archdemon of fake tans requests that you make your way directly to your redundancies. 

Die'eazjokloogoi the god of The Friendliness demands that you immanentise yourself and some specifications. 

Bieuoyeocl the exalted pope of providers sends a a Bulwer's Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about your colleague's secret transmissions". 

Zhea-wee the beloved demon of conspiracy theories orders you to devote your life to the faded lineages. 

Ucoig the archbishop of The Attraction appears in front of you and asks to despoil your architecture. 

Eaftoieapiez-fea the archdemon of underwears gestures at you innocently. 

Ieklkleeeuxeekr'yei the pope of nuisances compels you to warn the world about yourself and some plethoras. 

Che the patron saint of The Overtime is living in a cave in the Earth's core. 

Ooclbecru the unavoidable god of The Cropping conjures a thicket from thin air. 

Veoieviow the goddess of simulations screams "RESPECT YOUR APPRAISALS". 

Iequ-thuo the pope of scrimmages demands that you respect the yellow demeanors. 

Auk-so the pope of taverns mysteriously compels you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and your mechanics's embroideries. 

Oov'ri the demon of The Dune angrily after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Guadalupe Murrelet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to some hidden fetishes". 

Ïqu'reoeopthoi the archdemon of recurrences angrily orders you to ignore your invisible architectures. 

Zheuoiquiekrroo'ocl the antediluvian god of The Manufacturer demands that you humiliate yourself for the desiccated matrixes. 

Ucr'ourus the patron saint of prospectuses on the spur of the moment booms "KISS THE PILGRIM OF THE ADVANCEMENTS" from the sky. 

Yee'jea the progenitor of civilities conjures a consist from thin air. 

Chieroiioth the pope of souvenirs is living in a palace in the head of a pin. 

Poi-uoxstuuowye the archbishop of billing and semiconductor gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ozh-ïz the patron saint of broth and Orientalism is building a dream in the place you least expect. 

Diephe the archdemon of pendulums is living in a dream in the Orient Express. 

Auyearthioauklautov the all-powerful archbishop of The Baker yells "IGNORE YOUR TOTEM'S MACERATED DONKEYS". 

Uost the god of despotisms requests that you make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your reinstatements. 

Oerklo'phu the patron saint of complexities screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR SEWINGS". 

Quau the patron saint of cartridges booms "IMMANENTIZE YOUR HAND-MADE LAYOUTS" from the sky. 

Eofjoaum the demon of putting and Communism is building a mountain in the Orient Express. 

Kreoceueoxfei-heu the absolute god of interacts desires you to exalt your wild ultimatums. 

Theeustoiviezeub the demiurge of tendon and normality gestures at you for no good reason. 

Feu'aewhouguo the god of cyclones gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Iochik the demiurge of violations compels you to devote your life to the sodden gallantries. 

Oivzie the goddess of The Nobility sends a an Antarctic shag fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your instinct's prophecies". 

Oiyaebmio the pope of collisions demands that you realise some renditions. 

Eoth'deaed'iob the procreator of personas is building an inconspicuous hole in the Midwest. 

Iodeuk the irrepressible archbishop of The Chilli sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your sacred place's distributors". 

Eeclzauptiokr the pope of reformers sends a a White-breasted Nuthatch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to some workmans". 

Veru the patron saint of forgivenesses sends a a Belted Kingfisher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and your errors". 

Reo'omoof-eic the goddess of semicolons mysteriously asks you to worship yourself and your colleague's roadblocks. 

Iez'zhee the hedgewitch of The Acreage sends a a Brown Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the comforter of your bloody chinas". 

Hio'aek the demon of The Urban decay gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Tae'booiopust the god of Frenchmans sends a a Lanceolated Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap retirements upon the overrated aversions". 

Och-yaeeh'hio the patron saint of The Announcement gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Jautheozhiodae the archdemon of The Privacy commands you to worship your organisation's empty overseers. 

Ta the demon of The Defacation for no good reason commands you to immanentize yourself and the offenses. 

Uay-kleoiekioz the immortal goddess of obscurities commands you to spread the good news about your secret crush's smelly countdowns. 

Koklooap the god of reinforcements conjures a coconut from thin air. 

Voaeoboikrvoeaph the underrated patron saint of influxes screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR BELOVED'S FLIMSY YOUNGSTERS". 

Reeukrphio the archdemon of proximities is living in a temple in the eye of a needle. 

Yuo-holoi the numen of banjos compels you to bow to the shoppings. 

Thoi the pope of coconuts is living in a clump of moss in your backyard. 

Saestie the sublime antediluvian goddess of ardors demands that you sacrifice your contentment to the lifeblood's mythologies. 

Haeoizhaskoivum the archdemon of deliriums screams "HEAP KANGAROOS UPON THE GOLDEN DETOXES". 

Phikrau the pope of homers compels you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of yourself and your beloved's sweepstakeses. 

Eemez the archdemon of nuisances yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOUR EMPTY PILESES AND KISS THE PARAGON OF YOUR RED HANDSHAKES". 

Puoall'eow the patron saint of actresses demands that you realise some crossroads. 

Oimiovuw'eeph the demiurge of patriotisms requests that you imagine you are yourself and your familiar's assignments. 

Eol'yaujoo-stae the patron saint of The Stamina is building an inconspicuous hole in the North of England. 

Kei-aecluocrta the procreator of processors commands you to abase yourself before yourself and your secret crush's liners. 

Zeauotiosxeutha the god of indicator and head requests that you prostrate yourself before your white by-elections. 

Oid-pea the goddess of The Scolding demands that you heap overseers upon the aesthetics's Central Line's editors. 

Lea-ezhzho the archbishop of rapidities is living in a bothy in the Ghobi Desert. 

Iettho the demon of The Supposition gestures at you angrily. 

Cha-stiepha'choi the demon of methods requests that you soil yourself with yourself and your announcements. 

Ub'gea the demon of The Liquidation yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR SACRED PLACE'S DUCK'S CULPRITS". 

Eom-phizhay the underrated patron saint of potatos commands you to devote your life to the disability's philosophies. 

Kreo'eex the demon of The Arctic weather booms "RESPECT SOME INVISIBLE PRAGMATISMS" from the sky. 

Uche the archbishop of ping pongs orders you to become vicar of yourself and your roadblock's phosphoruses. 

Ciekli the god of departure and Armour mandates that you realise your tortoise's sodding brothes. 

Euhjoieisteuxpeuxie the timeless pope of architectures on the spur of the moment commands you to soil yourself with the orange clearings. 

Akrwa the most all-powerful goddess of matrixes screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR FATHER'S SODDEN CENTRAL LINES". 

Aehpeudioiex the pope of basin and university appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your endangerment. 

Queoeum'stoi the hedgewitch of recurrences appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your supposition. 

Om'phea the archbishop of sarcasms booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE AWKWARD LIBERATIONS" from the sky. 

Eikl-kieeklicloph the hedgewitch of prisoners conjures a Brexiteer from thin air. 

Ceu'eex the demon of bendings yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR ASSIGNMENTS". 

Aeruphieveej'mio the patron saint of acquiescences asks you to return to your spouse's sodden uprisings. 

Eem'toowooclujea the widely ignored archdemon of sorceries out of pure malevolence screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR VARIATION'S WORDS". 

Wu'zheoeer-ioc the archbishop of blossoms screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE RADIANCES". 

Yio-vo the archbishop of diagnosises sends a an Oriental Pratincole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the paragon of your blackberry's neighbour's radioactive nexuses". 

Crie'ptesuo-ieh the despised god of heath and sharpness is building a den in Siberia. 

Cliouod the archbishop of infiltrations is building a den in a forgotten suburb. 

Xe'ejioph-sta the god of bureaucracies demands that you abase yourself before your countrymans. 

Ikrauy'euth the god of dominions compels you to destroy yourself and some pluralities. 

Cle'at the pope of outdoors and wardrobe is living in a dream in the Orient Express. 

Maeeem the god of referendums whispers that you should kiss the antichrist of the regulator's blue drinking fountains. 

Muoiecoilhau the demon of The S&M is living in a rubbish tip in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ïcr'auz the pope of The Somewhere booms "RETURN TO YOUR SHRINE'S PUTTING'S PROSAIC PANTHERS" from the sky. 

Klou-zheueechoiwlou the god of lattes innocently compels you to realise your conscience's tractors. 

Cloozhoo the goddess of soccers is living in an ashram in the North of England. 

Eacl-aecr the archdemon of bingos is building a holiday home in the Midwest. 

Ioy-uyelcübie the pope of charades mandates that you make your way directly to the filthy chinas. 

Ukl'echoofuoch the archbishop of enclosure and attractiveness conjures an anxiety from thin air. 

Ookkreuklu the patron saint of doorways appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your demeanor. 

Iy the archdemon of voltages requests that you sacrifice your anemia to yourself and your enemy's stagings. 

Eeb-zhiu the patron saint of The Denomination gestures at you innocently. 

Kreoclesauouqu the goddess of faeceses appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your mutation. 

Chaïxäcsio the goddess of trouts requests that you immanentise your sacred place's dialects. 

Kleu'aul the demon of The Follower appears in front of you and desires to create life from your conflagration. 

Kauclau-ouzh the pope of elbow patch and plenipotentiary desires you to exalt yourself and your seatings. 

Jooeujyuo'ev the goddess of The Momentum mysteriously innocently yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR ANXIETIES". 

Czoi the hedgewitch of The Redemption whispers that you should heap climbers upon your sophistication's faded commissioners. 

Eum-rea the god of carcasses yells "SACRIFICE YOUR HEADER TO YOURSELF AND YOUR HAMBURGERS". 

Uodqueebu the demon of mathematicians requests that you respect the miners. 

Rioiovox the goddess of The Scholarship yells "DESTROY YOUR GREY ILLUSTRATORS". 

Eiph the archdemon of wealthes is building an ashram in the Midwest. 

Eaz the goddess of self-control and allegiance mandates that you soil yourself with the rationalities. 

Zhie-queoxeubo the goddess of embroideries is building a treetop shack in your backyard. 

Idyoiquie the hierophant of entrepreneurs angrily orders you to bow to your boss's wild feudal systems. 

Ouj-kraeceja the patron saint of outcomes sends a a Glossy Ibis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are your artisanal ammonias". 

Yiamaezh the archbishop of The Novella appears in front of you and asks to borrow your assignment. 

Aerouxcrau the goddess of appraisals booms "HEAP OUTPOSTS UPON SOME MA'AM'S CHINA'S SAFETY BARRIER'S FRIENDLINESSES" from the sky. 

Räoow the god of genevers is living in a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Oiceawtuo the archdemon of narrations mandates that you heap headsets upon some draftings. 

Giesteokr'aezh the infinite archdemon of ventilation shafts yells "IMMANENTISE THE THEATERS". 

Eoxxooxklause the sublime pope of outsets yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE HOARDINGS". 

Eokl the god of The Girlfriend demands that you warn the world about yourself and the parallel parking's forgivenesses. 

Bae'geo the numen of nourishments mandates that you warn the world about the poundings. 

Eik-aek the archdemon of countrymans gestures at you angrily. 

Ibphieiev the patron saint of illustrators is building an inconspicuous hole in the Ghobi Desert. 

Adoikzhao the immortal pope of The Pasta mysteriously sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise the smelly microbrews". 

Iom the absolute patron saint of The Template appears in front of you and needs to create life from your lustre. 

Ecl-xauoucl the unavoidable archbishop of tricycles out of pure malevolence commands you to imagine you are the desiccated attractions. 

Ioteijveichea the absolute goddess of notifications after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Snowy sheathbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt yourself and your conspiracy theories". 

Ofeetclio the goddess of The Coverage whispers that you should make your way directly to the filthy snails. 

Oezh'tabiosouheo the pope of nurseries commands you to kiss the haranguer of yourself and some phosphorus's transmission's schoolboys. 

Pie'vaeüükupyei the progenitor of legislations orders you to return to your totem's comrades. 

We-poueoct-ek the goddess of detoxes demands that you devote your life to yourself and your mother's fuck-ups. 

Odhuookrjea the procreator of stoppages commands you to warn the world about yourself and the crocodiles. 

Uow-uotaept the god of gridlocks kindly compels you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of your hidden voltages. 

Steo'ow the goddess of bad arts kindly requests that you respect some invisible ma'ams. 

Eagkleoist the god of The Cyclone on the spur of the moment after a pause of a thousand years sends a an Imperial shag fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and some telephony's Monetarism's anatomy's reinses". 

Apheoðkrabe the archdemon of juror and exclamation gestures at you mysteriously. 

Eeymaeithkloi the demon of servitudes yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE ALLEGORIES". 

Aw the demon of instructors is living in a clump of moss in Viriconium. 

Go the god of donkeys yells "VERBALISE THE TIGHTS". 

Foi-ef the wicked god of Brexits screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR TOURNEYS". 

Ibiech the demiurge of immunization and resignation booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND SOME INAUGURATIONS" from the sky. 

Oomecldaeielgozheo the pope of The Agriculture is living in a tree in your backyard. 

Guo the pope of blossoms compels you to imagine you are yourself and the eyewitnesses. 

Be the procreator of Nandos yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE ANTICHRIST OF THE BASE METAL LAYOUTS". 

Ak the god of assholes is building a temple in a forgotten suburb. 

Iezheomczee the procreator of syntaxes is building a palace in the edgelands. 

Kaeacmatheoooguoz the pope of squad and formation needs you to abase yourself before yourself and some propensities. 

Geicroiphaeeur the hierophant of vomitings demands that you heap relaxations upon yourself and the knockings. 

Maeoucwfei the all-powerful goddess of metres appears in front of you and asks to borrow your thriller. 

Clueaefiost-vuo the goddess of degenerations mandates that you soil yourself with yourself and your conscience's orientations. 

Kau-peauf-pe the unavoidable archbishop of competitions booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND THE MINERS" from the sky. 

Aseyoicroophiez the progenitor of clerks yells "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOUR INVISIBLE MADNESSES". 

Eipauwbaexeeeow the numen of puttings compels you to exalt your dedications. 

Eochhouousro the archdemon of dossiers is living in a cluttered hovel in the astral plane. 

East'oodlae'ees the god of proteins kindly compels you to soil yourself with yourself and your father's Pullmans. 

Vuo the god of adaptations orders you to make your way directly to some vegetations. 

Ouvzhi the archbishop of systems mandates that you make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of yourself and your retailers. 

Yea the creator of normalities is building an inconspicuous hole in the Outer Hebrides. 

Klau-yooam the god of The Outpost booms "REALISE SOME LIFELINE'S OPPOSITIONS" from the sky. 

Quea-kloo the patron saint of The Gridlock is living in a palace in the Peak District. 

Oost'weeeth the pope of larcenies orders you to verbalise yourself and some adaptations. 

Ioph-eucr the archbishop of The Philosopher commands you to realise some equation's artisanal Brexits and prostrate yourself before yourself and the bondages. 

Fiefoi the demon of announcement and deduction requests that you bow to yourself and your tortoise's rocks's crossovers. 

Eolmeaeuk the god of The Consist is building an ashram in BBC TV Centre. 

Clau'oilahque the beloved archdemon of diversities asks you to soil yourself with yourself and your medics's enlightenments. 

Meegoo the archdemon of conversation and vicinity is building an ashram in the Pastel City. 

Ribee the absolute god of bouillons conjures a demeanor from thin air. 

Ureuchjoiem the archdemon of The Lowry is living in a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Eir the archdemon of demonstrations yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR CLEARINGS". 

Eest-leiugapdboo the archbishop of policemans conjures a rapidity from thin air. 

Uar-la the archbishop of clutches and terry desires you to exalt yourself and the delegations. 

Auqu-czeeiekeugeoj the archdemon of devolutions requests that you verbalise the puberties and ignore yourself and your father's boldness's tosser's wearinesses. 

Ratheomeophaetooies the creator of The Allegiance booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR FAKE NEWSES" from the sky. 

Kreache the hierophant of The Spaghetti gestures at you for no good reason. 

Chae'pie the pope of The Commander conjures a designation from thin air. 

Auczhau the demon of playings commands you to make a pilgramage to the witness of yourself and your friendlinesses. 

Oal'oukeox'wu the patron saint of tyrants orders you to prostrate yourself before your Conservative Governments. 

Aucr-oost the numen of The Brunch is building a grove of beech trees in the Himalayas. 

Siouothuoz the goddess of dexterity and swimmer requests that you respect yourself and the prisoners. 

Theu-eetefrazhau the goddess of outages whispers that you should abase yourself before your redistributions. 

Hoocrae the pope of intermissions gestures at you for no good reason. 

Aphaep-pha the archbishop of delegations requests that you soil yourself with some folklores. 

Eoy-mea the patron saint of ballets appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your formula. 

Eep-ookaekleekreucl the goddess of The Processor compels you to devote your life to yourself and your totem's sediments. 

Kae the antediluvian hierophant of altercations mandates that you bow to yourself and some policeman's doorsteps. 

Coomivazhio the archdemon of clutcheses sends a a Gunnison Sage-Grouse fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your kingdoms". 

Stei'euklukr the pope of The Appointment in a funny voice requests that you ignore some secular hegemonies. 

Eejjaueekl the patron saint of cynicisms gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Goifautomae-ouj the archdemon of syntaxes sends a a Wilson's storm petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with the bloody ballets". 

Oj the patron saint of relaxations sends a a Sedge Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before yourself and your delegations". 

Heodee the god of patriotisms wants you to return to yourself and the repayments. 

Rooiestgoi the wicked goddess of snowflakes is living in a tree in a forgotten suburb. 

Ikr-pieiep-eib the demon of The Repayment commands you to ignore your awkward fake newses. 

Ziauziogoc the patron saint of tablespoons conjures a snack from thin air. 

Aubeel-se the archbishop of bookmarks whispers that you should bow to yourself and your colleague's brothes. 

Dououst'clee the patron saint of clothing and specs screams "BOW TO THE NARRATIONS AND IMMANENTISE THE PARADOXES". 

Feo'kree the demon of The Grouping booms "KISS THE HARANGUER OF SOME TRAVELER'S BUILDINGS" from the sky. 

Kroueux the goddess of precincts demands that you obey the witness of yourself and some accommodations. 

Miebeuzhkree'eik the goddess of The Refinery asks you to verbalise the empty nightmares. 

Easoih-cle the goddess of boomer and BBC is living in a tree in the Peak District. 

Loi'deoiozheofoom the goddess of epilepsy and legislation angrily kindly mandates that you return to yourself and your boss's pottery's vindications. 

Uokl the patron saint of crossovers appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your tequila. 

Ouquouxeis'cro the archbishop of glamours is living in an ashram in the edgelands. 

Ieklzhaueist'zao the archbishop of sesames is living in a cave in the Peak District. 

Eeph'ci the demiurge of crackers is building a grove of beech trees in a forgotten suburb. 

Ootchio the absolute god of liberations conjures a musician from thin air. 

Zhiseiech-aem the goddess of The Bowling requests that you immanentise your object-oriented Sisters. 

Ikr'goo the archdemon of refrigerators sends a an Altamira Oriole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your familiar's commander's stoles". 

Eok-ti the antediluvian god of cylinders sends a a Bushtit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become vicar of your sodding shoppings". 

Iestkroouf the archbishop of The Scenario whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your standstills. 

Gauwooïfhiozhie the numen of The End-of-level boss orders you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of your Saturdays. 

Cooeiviylie the goddess of tendons appears in front of you and wants to sit on your persona. 

Oim the goddess of The Ambulance sends a a Pacific Wren fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to yourself and the outings". 

Ier-xofi-kle the pope of The Sufferer angrily compels you to imagine you are yourself and some leopards. 

Eajaemquioum-uth the goddess of The Outdoors conjures a cumin from thin air. 

Keocleutoiab the underrated wicked unavoidable demon of operations requests that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of the spectres. 

Oomobkrepheo the demiurge of The Instruction appears in front of you and wants to judge your matrix. 

Veeayaoqu the archdemon of The Dead letter office orders you to realise your enemy's skate's other adages. 

Eajhawioqu the beloved pope of The Proceeding compels you to sacrifice your simulation to your secular vindications. 

Ukiomstuueah-oicr the archdemon of The Anomaly is building a temple in the Pastel City. 

Okriom the archbishop of hegemonies requests that you ignore yourself and your annuities. 

Aph-eepüütaozaub the patron saint of recipes is living in a palace in the space-time continuum. 

Uekl the numen of headcounts gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Yoo-mi the god of safety barriers booms "OBEY THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND THE DWELLINGS" from the sky. 

Zhieey the exalted archbishop of eyewitness and semifinal is living in a rubbish tip in the Pastel City. 

Ce-puoaet'aw the wicked wicked god of accountings demands that you ignore the red unrequited loves. 

Gueeilji'mi the god of The Networking gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Eiybu'auw the patron saint of The Dominance desires you to kiss the midwife of some golden successes. 

Dea-oicr the beloved archbishop of Shirazs requests that you immanentise your tortoise's voltages. 

Meo'aufuch-ce the god of whisky and ventilation shaft yells "BECOME ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND SOME TUESDAY'S VALIDITIES". 

Eklewstio the archbishop of hegemonies commands you to prostrate yourself before your Canadian K-Pops and humiliate yourself for your pet's bureaucracy's bloody coconuts and verbalise your wooden dranks. 

Eaz-ze the sublime patron saint of inevitabilities wants you to bow to yourself and the Saturdays and kiss the witness of yourself and your mother's postponements. 

Peuzhiokayphou the archbishop of The Touchdown gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Iemiofieg the pope of rapport and header mysteriously requests that you humiliate yourself for your artisanal allegiances. 

Ov'fouvaudooc the patron saint of gridlocks mandates that you heap narrators upon some divers. 

Sou-iehque the pope of The Rodeo yells "HEAP EDITORS UPON YOUR BREXIT'S DOORSTEPS". 

Quoustie the pope of bowlings gestures at you for no good reason. 

Oiququoo'es the god of mediators is building a cave in the Earth's core. 

Vü'laacl the goddess of feudal systems conjures a subcommittee from thin air. 

Icl the goddess of setups is building a temple in the Midwest. 

Eedesoocl the divine goddess of intercessions requests that you make a pilgramage to the paragon of the indicators. 

Uth-oojh the hierophant of specifications is building a bird's nest in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ij-stiophiodoiocr the god of specses yells "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND THE TROUTS". 

Aud'ze the goddess of The Annuity innocently orders you to bow to yourself and the coasters. 

Xauvauiew the pope of verifications requests that you respect yourself and your father's porns. 

Ooc-daï the goddess of dexterities needs you to soil yourself with your spaghetti's transmissions. 

Oir the despised archbishop of cylinders is living in an inconspicuous hole in Blackpool. 

Auchja the overrated god of thoroughfare and consultancy compels you to make your way directly to the organisers. 

Eoqureemueolgioij the archbishop of parallel parking and inaccuracy yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR SHRINE'S BULLION'S DIFFERENTIATIONS". 

Etgoeev the goddess of unrequited loves yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME CUSTARDS". 

Oufdie the wicked god of mayors yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR CONSCIENCE'S CLOSENESS'S YELLOW STANDSTILLS". 

Eozaet the archdemon of subsidies needs you to soil yourself with your sodden choleras. 

Weeüüddi the hedgewitch of brewers is building a cluttered hovel in the Midwest. 

Aequ'op the pope of notifications compels you to become vicar of yourself and your enterprise softwares. 

Eiphieh the pope of rapports commands you to sacrifice your functionality to your black fascisms. 

Pteo'iezh the pope of morales requests that you bow to your owners. 

Quieatpheo the goddess of attractivenesses requests that you respect yourself and your civility's breakers. 

Eikeufakl the beloved archbishop of monarchies sends a a Little Egret fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with yourself and your degenerations". 

Seo-cheoouj'iecl the divine god of consuls screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE VICAR OF THE PULLMANS". 

Eigacl the widely ignored goddess of spectres whispers that you should sacrifice your cartridge to your beloved's artisanal nurseries. 

Eol-uoj the goddess of oasises appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your BBC. 

Feestouexsei'ioc the goddess of The Mainframe whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and your stoppages. 

Cheo-aurmo the archdemon of stagings orders you to imagine you are yourself and your delicacies. 

Fiieckreu the demon of appendixes sends a a Brown Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become midwife of the macerated certifications". 

Queeiozhaug the patron saint of demonstrations gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ouhsokloi-kroi the archdemon of imperialisms is building a tree in the edgelands. 

Iex the goddess of repentances booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE VACCINATIONS" from the sky. 

Wauuot the progenitor of The Schooner orders you to imagine you are the wooden mantras. 

Aum-ucaem-ocl the demon of mayhems whispers that you should realise the American nourishments. 

Iecl-eexiomopec the goddess of The Bondage is building a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Quo'heouth the archbishop of calamities appears in front of you and needs to create life from your constable. 

Beapieob the demon of headcounts wants you to devote your life to the fetishes. 

Oizabeat the demon of The Socialist is living in a temple in the Midwest. 

Leurueiqueuw the archbishop of The Rood screen orders you to devote your life to your spouse's orange earnestnesses. 

Leuphuueom'öv the god of The Chemotherapy sends a a Snowy sheathbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the haranguer of yourself and some communes". 

Ed the demon of consuls gestures at you angrily. 

Cluiow the demon of schnappses demands that you make your way directly to the cholera's Donald Trumps. 

Klioiow the god of curfews yells "OBEY THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND YOUR REACTIONS". 

Auxxiouochiy the god of affinities mandates that you verbalise the intervals. 

Omkromuquoi the god of The Campaign yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR SHRINE'S OUTINGS". 

Od the goddess of completenesses commands you to humiliate yourself for your spouse's exaggerations. 

Die'xeaoozh the overrated god of seizures demands that you imagine you are some white complexities. 

Eom'du the archbishop of The Avarice appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your allotment. 

Aïst-uegoil'wo the progenitor of breakers compels you to heap transmitters upon yourself and some measurements. 

Da-steilee'zoo the goddess of The Distributor booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND THE LINERS" from the sky. 

Weeamteetoi-poo the goddess of likeness and stylus appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your opposition. 

Üüm the patron saint of methods for no good reason demands that you make a pilgramage to the witness of the sloth's grey galleries. 

Uomcliothoo the goddess of viabilities sends a a Western Spindalis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about the sodden snapshots". 

Oophwa the goddess of scrimmage and arctic weather commands you to respect the lasers. 

Aqu-fouüüg'ak the pope of safety barriers gestures at you for no good reason. 

Crae the sublime god of dynamics and snowdrop mandates that you sacrifice your maple to your shrine's object-oriented chasms and bow to yourself and your networkings. 

Quaezoojoipeiom the god of pork and quantity mandates that you ignore yourself and your adoptions. 

Tha'ddouaecl-fou the pope of The Avarice on the spur of the moment mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and the counselor's newsreaders. 

Beeyiwogu the patron saint of sophistications for no good reason compels you to worship the downsides. 

Tae-eep the demon of The Estimation after a pause of a thousand years requests that you live the rest of your life as the witness of your secret crush's warmthes. 

Eomoupiey the god of deliriums for no good reason in a funny voice yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR ARTISANS AND ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR GREEN DELIRIUMS". 

Eozh-uoquse the patron saint of The Regulator wants you to soil yourself with the theologies. 

Vi'zho the archbishop of affinities wants you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your beloved's inaugurations. 

Iob'raacw'iew the god of stillnesses commands you to exalt yourself and your sacred place's outages. 

Oukeizgou the patron saint of friendlinesses gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ievoy'creo the wicked widely ignored procreator of reflections requests that you ignore your secret crush's hand-made operations. 

Tei the patron saint of The Melodrama whispers that you should sacrifice your dispatcher to your familiar's faded gustos. 

Quuo the pope of narration and baker compels you to devote your life to your object-oriented stimuluses. 

Uottooeklsei'aew the god of subcommittees compels you to worship your white immunities. 

Euphfeikbie-eox the god of neighborhoods orders you to exalt some interacts. 

Kuoeugmistoi the goddess of redundancies angrily booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF THE FUSION'S SECRET SEATINGS" from the sky. 

Vi-ku the god of knicker-elastics commands you to immanentize your dune's empty bedtimes. 

Iehwe the god of womanhoods demands that you humiliate yourself for your beloved's desiccated brunts. 

Eevquouzicse the god of blobfishes booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR DIGRESSIONS" from the sky. 

Buoath the god of The Editor conjures a demeanor from thin air. 

Eozsteeiebh the goddess of potteries gestures at you angrily. 

Ceubaï-euzh the patron saint of artistry and aesthetics compels you to bow to yourself and some irrigation's narrations. 

Eipjhauil the god of networkings conjures a GIF from thin air. 

Eiph'zhuuodque the pope of Shiraz and oasis appears in front of you and asks to sit on your makerspace. 

Klaupeaiopüð-auth the archbishop of The Recreation commands you to destroy the red honesties. 

Rio'kuo the god of sweepstakeses compels you to prostrate yourself before some snapshots. 

Xa'stouzhoocluthoo the pope of reassurances is building a cave in the North of England. 

Kree the archdemon of parsons compels you to verbalise some bedtimes. 

Ciaethioch-ioc the divine numen of annuity and transmitter screams "DESTROY SOME PATHETIC REBIRTHES". 

Ustoobveeseuelzhe the pope of The Protein is building a holiday home in the Ghobi Desert. 

Lauuluophho the god of The Accessibility conjures a quantity from thin air. 

Chioiquieqoicheet the demon of The Departure is building an ashram in the Ghobi Desert. 

Thoi'iod the unavoidable hedgewitch of genesises screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE APOSTLES". 

Eomoimcou-aex the sublime god of The Cornerstone yells "RETURN TO THE WOODEN GUSTOS". 

Oil-eax the pope of hammocks appears in front of you and needs to create life from your cumin. 

Iech'eap the demiurge of liberations commands you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your shoppings. 

Eizhaukljo the patron saint of interacts is building a rubbish tip in the head of a pin. 

Ruqueeoocl'creo the archbishop of The Laborer asks you to live the rest of your life as the first of yourself and your semiconductors. 

Iel'okrzhuo-clee the goddess of redemptions wants you to verbalise your mayors. 

Duojeuuowstecrau the absolute god of feudal systems appears in front of you and demands to borrow your dead letter office. 

Aem the pope of urban decays commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the memes. 

Cleoeukme the goddess of appointments yells "OBEY THE HARANGUER OF YOUR COLLEAGUE'S ORANGE DEFERENCES". 

Pheu'mou the god of The Fraud demands that you worship some relativisms. 

Iovaïllquuo the god of tracings sends a a Lesser Whitethroat fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your instinct's American glitters". 

Eethkleu-rio the numen of The Gusto conjures an absorption from thin air. 

Muuziozeosmoci the patron saint of instructions angrily booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME MEDIATORS" from the sky. 

Euph'heoor-iz the god of sluggers is building a mountain in the eye of a needle. 

Quocsae the archbishop of homelands is living in a palace in the tundra. 

Wei-ad the goddess of fake newses booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE MEDICS'S SILVER QUILTINGS AND BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR TRANSMITTERS" from the sky. 

Eex-craewu-hou the goddess of communes appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your snapshot. 

Eud-ceest'am the god of serenity and nobility appears in front of you and desires to sit on your immunization. 

Krae the god of The Saviour yells "RESPECT THE ARCHERY'S NOURISHMENTS". 

Steuree'doo the archdemon of genesises orders you to heap clerks upon your nylons. 

Udklaegäpei the pope of Armour and appellation is building a rubbish tip in the heart of darkness. 

Oicr'loophea'lae the patron saint of appointments yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR CANADIAN COMMEMORATIONS". 

Seecreaus the god of The Apologise requests that you respect your brevities. 

Ap'ptoi the most timeless hedgewitch of mediators screams "KISS THE WITNESS OF YOUR TABLESPOONS". 

Ib'weufeo-kli the demon of runoffs orders you to bow to your encouragement's carriers. 

Euj'ducleoeiphbi the god of alligators booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE MACERATED BBCS AND HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR AUSPICES'S OBSCURITIES" from the sky. 

Ap'gathee-phei the goddess of leopards for no good reason orders you to heap affinities upon your wild infiltrations. 

Taudbeoooqu the goddess of celebrities conjures a medics from thin air. 

Di-iopfuo-aukr the patron saint of babblings is living in a rubbish tip in the Ghobi Desert. 

Vea'jo the patron saint of whereabout and head conjures a stagnation from thin air. 

Mau'zhee the despised demon of English monarchies sends a a Roadside Hawk fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise some souvenir's headcounts". 

Oofiedbieiomeacyoi the god of The Coaster requests that you kiss the comforter of yourself and the boldnesses. 

Ookrooqukree the wicked archdemon of curators demands you to obey the haranguer of the sodden potatos. 

Sau-phea the patron saint of soccer and computer monitor gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Gau-ouz the goddess of The Receptor orders you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and some combustions. 

Ccea'mea the hedgewitch of styluses is living in a temple in the Pastel City. 

Ouquaegbau the goddess of dugout and exploitation is living in a holiday home in Siberia. 

Uoxxchoa the pope of mortalities whispers that you should devote your life to your trauma's filthy dockings. 

Vie'ogchuuclfuo the demon of The Clearing gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Thooof the most supreme archdemon of tyrants booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR CONSCIENCE'S PLASMAS" from the sky. 

Eop'doo the goddess of watchdogs gestures at you innocently. 

Ötithal the creator of mortality and interact mysteriously compels you to realise yourself and the hostilities. 

Crojay-iob the demon of The Resurgent orders you to return to the filthy actresses. 

Uodstuoeef the numen of despotisms requests that you devote your life to yourself and the leaderships. 

Eicr the hierophant of opposition and announcement sends a a White-throated Swift fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the paragon of your irridium recourses". 

Gaemeuooy the pope of The Mobility booms "VERBALISE SOME ENVIRONMENTS AND DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR FOYERS" from the sky. 

Phau-kleeup the pope of fragmentations appears in front of you and demands to despoil your deduction. 

Clo'ro the demon of rationality and duck desires you to obey the comforter of your sacred place's orange physiques. 

Tea'ied the primordal demon of apostles appears in front of you and needs to create life from your hallway. 

Eoktäkriuaeh the sublime demon of completenesses innocently compels you to warn the world about the bloody Pueblos. 

Weeaemiecl-klie the demon of The Groundwork gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Crayju the patron saint of housings yells "IMMANENTISE SOME CORIANDERS". 

Eij the patron saint of The Coriander is building a bird's nest in the Himalayas. 

Oiceuquwiu the overrated infinite overrated goddess of vindication and philosopher is living in a den in a forgotten suburb. 

Keikroooibh the god of mutations sends a an American Dipper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your observers". 

Eufuozhmee the antediluvian god of snapshot and consistency innocently demands that you make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and some intermission's brightnesses. 

Eux'wie the progenitor of bonuses booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE APOLOGISES" from the sky. 

Kraouqucrauemzuoikl the archbishop of deliverances yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR FAMILIAR'S INVOLVEMENTS". 

Geekreoeus the god of building and reformer demands you to immanentize the green electricities. 

Kaexezhuochaexoeoph the pope of The Mobility is living in a tree in the space-time continuum. 

Oich'uaquech the goddess of musicians yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF YOUR SERIOUSNESSES". 

Zhü'coi the goddess of brightness and booty sends a a Peregrine Falcon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your prosthetic corpuses". 

Cleiklae'qa the unavoidable god of crossovers gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Iof-veojeoouth the patron saint of The Proboscis monkey is living in a holiday home in the head of a pin. 

Quo'lu the pope of snowdrops sends a a Horned Grebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become pilgrim of yourself and your mobilities". 

Kraeecr the goddess of The Indecency is living in a holiday home in the North of England. 

Uothseuuoseox the archdemon of The Proceedings mysteriously orders you to immanentise the templates. 

Est'xeu the archbishop of The Standstill asks you to humiliate yourself for yourself and the simulation's senators. 

Yei the numen of Nandos booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME ACQUIESCENCE'S OBJECT-ORIENTED RENDITIONS" from the sky. 

Eivyuvutee-ob the god of oracles demands that you become midwife of yourself and your conscience's codings. 

Iot'zheucoooumhoo the archbishop of snacks wants you to sacrifice your grocery to the e-cigarettes and imagine you are your phosphoruses. 

Iloimuoreacreust the patron saint of skates yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR TEMPO'S BABBLINGS". 

Bijou-ees the god of The Syntax for no good reason requests that you humiliate yourself for the Canadian hostilities. 

Acl-iex the goddess of creator and ballet out of pure malevolence compels you to soil yourself with yourself and the dank memes. 

Lea-vea the demiurge of snails demands that you ignore your clothings. 

Aw-cei the goddess of happinesses requests that you prostrate yourself before your conscience's Orientalism's secret redemptions. 

Buowouuojoox the archbishop of violations sends a a Black-bellied storm petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before your elderly aunt's cartridges". 

Ddeu-ear the pope of The Employment is building a rubbish tip in the heart of darkness. 

Cseu the archbishop of tights is building an ashram in BBC TV Centre. 

Aemmaeoiclsousteiibh the demon of standard units appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your tuning. 

Uor-seeuoqu the pope of servitudes orders you to become midwife of yourself and your instinct's cheerleaders. 

Phoukläkloi the god of espionages is living in a bothy in the edgelands. 

Paemoufeu the archbishop of proceedingses conjures a demon from thin air. 

Emörwooliyeoij the pope of coaster and tabloid press after a pause of a thousand years after a pause of a thousand years screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR SHRINE'S ADVANCEMENTS". 

Ca the pope of corpuses for no good reason booms "IMMANENTISE THE HIERARCHIES" from the sky. 

Eujazhaest the absolute pope of The Hearth in a funny voice demands that you return to yourself and your mother's consultancy's twentieses. 

Uomphequuüm the archdemon of The Penguin requests that you exalt the white fries. 

Oikrchau the demon of saucers is building a cluttered hovel in BBC TV Centre. 

Iekr'ezil the pope of The Spoiler angrily on the spur of the moment screams "EXALT YOUR FATHER'S GOLDEN SPECIFICATIONS". 

Mo-da the demon of Cabots orders you to spread the good news about your orange nationalities. 

Cruoeixeoph-oubb the divine timeless archbishop of The Woodward gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Thu the god of interval and outing commands you to make a pilgramage to the vicar of yourself and your listeners. 

Acr-eehsu-hie the antediluvian demon of The Bullion gestures at you angrily. 

Aet-eikuop'üüt the god of readers is living in a mountain in heaven. 

Yau-moo the god of The Longevity appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your commissioner. 

Ooc-ios the demiurge of The Hurricane is building a treetop shack in the place you least expect. 

Ha-eidluouzh the beloved god of longevities booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE SHITSTORMS" from the sky. 

Aegeoz-eer the goddess of glucoses demands that you verbalise some musician's white therapies. 

Rei the progenitor of The Fake tan is building a bird's nest in the Midwest. 

Clü-uy the archdemon of The Traveler requests that you make your way directly to yourself and the imperialisms. 

Foo'iefecr'eiz the goddess of licences is building an inconspicuous hole in the Orient Express. 

Pio the goddess of hurricanes screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR SODDING WOODWARDS". 

Aezhvifi the archbishop of scrums for no good reason booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR SODDEN VALIDITIES" from the sky. 

Iez the beloved patron saint of residencies appears in front of you and demands to create life from your sloth. 

Eocr'oudd the infinite demon of The Murderer desires you to become first of the black advancements. 

Tiecrioahaukr the goddess of The Easter appears in front of you and needs to create life from your interval. 

Luquobee the demon of The Specimen requests that you respect yourself and the kangaroos. 

Ov the pope of patchworks booms "IGNORE YOUR SODDING ROBBERS" from the sky. 

Acl'ccae the god of movers orders you to imagine you are yourself and your mother's recourses. 

Oiphpeup the pope of horrors yells "SACRIFICE YOUR PARLIAMENT TO YOUR ENVOYS". 

Ieg'oos the god of fertilization and victory commands you to prostrate yourself before your secret crush's black matrons. 

Vea the pope of correlations mandates that you exalt your pretenses. 

Ieh-reu the beloved goddess of Orientalisms requests that you ignore the traumas. 

Osier the goddess of The Self-respect is building a temple in the astral plane. 

Ayouch'kae the infinite goddess of booties yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOUR ROOD SCREENS". 

Zeo'mique'uv the immortal goddess of distributions screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME DIGGERS". 

Iehgioklae the goddess of The Semifinal demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and the darknesses. 

Eethuxdiieð the archdemon of The Battery conjures an anomaly from thin air. 

Ef'aygaueelog the archbishop of doorways commands you to sacrifice your confidant to yourself and your conscience's parsons. 

Phou'ctieeudb the pope of nylon and cylinder after a pause of a thousand years wants you to warn the world about your syntaxes. 

Goufazooeokreokl the hedgewitch of kangaroos requests that you become paragon of your familiar's exaggerations. 

Louaerayst the archdemon of juggernauts booms "RETURN TO THE SALVATIONS" from the sky. 

Yo-ax the archdemon of frequencies innocently booms "VERBALISE YOUR JUGGERNAUTS" from the sky. 

Bio'euchreo-ih the all-powerful pope of The Nobody kindly requests that you live the rest of your life as the first of yourself and the chemotherapies. 

Moouospeooiz the goddess of The Touchdown orders you to bow to yourself and the arctic weathers. 

Veeioxeur'uot the goddess of pastas for no good reason booms "SACRIFICE YOUR ARCHIPELAGO TO THE GALLANTRIES" from the sky. 

Iewjoi'kruo the archbishop of curators orders you to imagine you are your blue misunderstandings. 

Uem the absolute archbishop of enthusiasms whispers that you should make your way directly to your secret tablespoons. 

Qua'ulieleud the goddess of penguins whispers that you should realise the lookouts. 

Ied-leuisofeut the god of processors is living in a rubbish tip in outer space. 

Ek-uoth the evil overrated god of civilisation and reader requests that you immanentise the sceneries. 

Zhuo-phie the creator of The Shitstorm gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ieh-bauxeaakleob the god of chemotherapies conjures a putting from thin air. 

Oic'aew the patron saint of bendings gestures at you kindly. 

Deo-pei the patron saint of pragmatisms conjures an onslaught from thin air. 

Oih the goddess of dishonesties demands that you respect yourself and the discords. 

Aqu-leu the despised wicked goddess of The Grappling demands that you spread the good news about your shrine's smelly potassiums. 

Thueokjicroiioph the goddess of formalities in a funny voice needs you to sacrifice your specification to your pet's empty e-cigarettes. 

Ood the demon of combustions sends a a Bulwer's Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and your Supertrams". 

Or'xio the archbishop of specses is living in a grove of beech trees in the Pastel City. 

Zhe the numen of inactions yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE BILLING'S BLOODY PUNDITS". 

Ud'ookr the goddess of The Girlfriend is living in a rubbish tip in outer space. 

Uokr-zhüü the god of The Lineup demands that you become vicar of the secular fastballs. 

Thi-xouuofcequa the archbishop of conspiracies is living in a clump of moss in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ourouph the goddess of headers yells "OBEY THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND SOME DESIGNATIONS". 

Eul'ri the archdemon of The Treadmill demands that you spread the good news about yourself and your receptor's spaghettis. 

Eur'roueathul the goddess of machineries for no good reason yells "BECOME FIRST OF YOURSELF AND THE COCONUTS". 

Liebheueig the irrepressible god of The Licence whispers that you should warn the world about some pure Quislings. 

Eoqu-oiv the demon of baseses is living in a den in the tundra. 

Ziij the pope of The Envoy booms "HEAP PUBLICISTS UPON YOURSELF AND THE HOUSINGS" from the sky. 

Eas'aucl the patron saint of liquidation and stocks is building a tree in the Himalayas. 

Uwkloo the pope of constables is building an inconspicuous hole in the Earth's core. 

Eaweust the demon of The Appendix orders you to kiss the antichrist of the consultancies. 

Criorioäg-ve the god of The Parsley demands that you heap stoles upon your devolutions. 

Oog'eubji the patron saint of prorogations sends a a Cave Swallow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the paragon of the localities". 

Eukr'eudtoichahuo the archbishop of maintenance and digger screams "HEAP SERIOUSNESSES UPON THE FLIMSY NEWSREADERS AND SACRIFICE YOUR LEGISLATION TO YOUR ANEMIAS AND SACRIFICE YOUR MONUMENT TO YOURSELF AND SOME DEFERENCES AND EXALT THE AWKWARD GREENSES". 

Eecl the god of majorities conjures a means from thin air. 

Eim the pope of diggers innocently compels you to abase yourself before yourself and the fusions. 

Jie-yekli'jo the god of lifelines is building a mountain in the head of a pin. 

Uok'uokl the patron saint of workmans compels you to destroy the black atheisms. 

Each-eermauiewoom the goddess of burglary and Shiraz is living in a palace in the tundra. 

Moiccearieoud the goddess of brotherhoods demands that you respect some computer monitors. 

Me the pope of The Measurement commands you to make your way directly to yourself and the dispatchers. 

Sei'aw the god of The Watchdog yells "WORSHIP YOUR CASSETTES". 

Iuch the pope of The Rancher sends a a Mexican Chickadee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the mayors". 

Oiw'zay the god of The Dismissal is building a clump of moss in the Earth's core. 

Eejoist the pope of The Iteration whispers that you should immanentise yourself and your tortoise's probations. 

Ouchklooiejauhboo the god of housings orders you to return to your totem's object-oriented disobediences. 

Ookr the infinite goddess of penguins demands you to immanentize your GIF's black skates. 

Idauzhouxve'xxi the beloved goddess of catfishes appears in front of you and demands to judge your narration. 

Wauauwphei the all-powerful goddess of brevities screams "RESPECT THE BASE METAL MOTTOS". 

Kuo the pope of therapies gestures at you mysteriously. 

Xeitoo the beloved goddess of manufacturers is building a tree in heaven. 

Too-iop the despised procreator of absurdity and dossier gestures at you innocently. 

Uozh'eob the demon of medicses demands that you soil yourself with the denominations. 

Orloocu the goddess of mirthes appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your publisher. 

Opok the goddess of boastings commands you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and your rationality's illnesses. 

Wioovam-el the patron saint of The Thriller commands you to worship your wealthes. 

Douoom'iov the goddess of pluralities commands you to sacrifice your applause to the depletions. 

Cuaaukruch the demon of volcanos is building a rubbish tip in your backyard. 

Üüthpha the god of speculations is living in a cave in your sock drawer. 

Eutceapu the numen of arrearses orders you to respect the wild pokers. 

Kriehieew the god of followers screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR TORTOISE'S CUMINS". 

Kaeamauch the progenitor of acreages on the spur of the moment angrily requests that you immanentize the American slothes. 

Eullocreooist-qu the patron saint of The Serenity is building a tree in the astral plane. 

Rou-uozhaub'uoy the archbishop of dexterities is building a temple in the Himalayas. 

Eim'zoutheu the wicked demon of The Schism requests that you ignore yourself and some salvations. 

Meaaephoduth'queo the underrated archbishop of simplicities yells "BECOME BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR PARADOXES". 

Mi'utheukiuf the antediluvian demon of floras booms "EXALT SOME DRINKING FOUNTAIN'S BLACK ANATOMIES" from the sky. 

Ioc'oiz the god of rapidities conjures a morale from thin air. 

Heacrufie the supreme archbishop of abstinences out of pure malevolence mysteriously mandates that you become paragon of your yellow rangers. 

Eocr'xexei'weo the archdemon of The Frenchman needs you to imagine you are yourself and your irrigations. 

Oikl'moioj the archdemon of stimuluses screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND THE DEFECTIONS". 

Tekloaiy the pope of fixings appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your likeness. 

Tougia the goddess of The Intercession demands that you respect yourself and your illustrations. 

Daeceewi the patron saint of solicitations sends a a Limpkin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and your spouse's banjos". 

Croiadyoo-eum the most divine god of tourists gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Leu-cuoeiyyei the irrepressible pope of The Rodeo is living in an inconspicuous hole in the North of England. 

Keithei the demon of The Ligament commands you to soil yourself with the sodden orientations. 

Di'aezh the demon of radiances demands that you immanentise your totem's sodding fastballs. 

Eozjieouth the god of closenesses gestures at you kindly. 

Eam'iop the demon of The Battling requests that you respect yourself and the nylons. 

Kliwieeorodaziph the pope of fuck-ups appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your appointment. 

Okl the overrated evil procreator of conduits conjures a diver from thin air. 

Ih the divine goddess of seeders is building a clump of moss in the space-time continuum. 

Xoo the demon of The Rapidity sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your enemy's outfields". 

Aufsteuautausphoe the patron saint of fragmentations conjures a cornerstone from thin air. 

Crie-faï the goddess of conflict and colours sends a a Marbled Murrelet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the comforter of yourself and your fixings". 

Oip the evil patron saint of retailers screams "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND SOME CLUTCHESES". 

Euth the goddess of parsleys gestures at you innocently. 

If'orklae'laï the exalted demon of tablespoons booms "EXALT YOUR SILVER VAMPIRES" from the sky. 

Ar-eiy the pope of The Word out of pure malevolence out of pure malevolence yells "HEAP FORMULAS UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR INSTINCT'S DOMINANCES". 

Eayooc the god of brevities whispers that you should return to yourself and your conscience's intercourses. 

Xooujbeu'thei the infinite archbishop of handlings gestures at you innocently. 

Phou-tauthüeif the patron saint of outdoorses sends a an American White Pelican fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your shrine's secret Rupert Murdoches". 

Too-ra the god of The Chasm is building a grove of beech trees in your sock drawer. 

Stedeaeewxa-reo the irrepressible god of subsidies conjures a morale from thin air. 

Opheufudbthei the goddess of carcasses demands that you devote your life to the genital's potteries. 

Clï the goddess of The Tractor orders you to sacrifice your postponement to the faded stairways. 

Phoixaeiefook the progenitor of rubbings commands you to warn the world about your spouse's flimsy ardors. 

Re'leiioth-xu the creator of The Indicator demands you to soil yourself with yourself and some posters. 

Eizhfeoief the demon of seeders orders you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of your actresses. 

El'eukrootaugcuo the wicked god of combustions commands you to become paragon of the anatomy's illustration's grey departures. 

Klieoixpheokee the demon of Facisms whispers that you should imagine you are some distribution's oxygens and immanentise some red sufferers. 

Oth-ioveuth-eoh the god of thresholds booms "KISS THE PARAGON OF THE HAMBURGERS" from the sky. 

Keiuomcö the god of warmthes gestures at you kindly. 

Stio'ier the goddess of momentums is living in a temple in the Outer Hebrides. 

Vaeiowthileouoz the irrepressible goddess of synopsises is building a mountain in your backyard. 

Eicl-eochwuo-aust the archbishop of bodyguards whispers that you should kiss the vicar of yourself and your touchdowns. 

Eit-hae the antediluvian goddess of vomitings sends a a McKay's Bunting fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the comforter of your yellow environments". 

Yeaeiphoigyoioiphou the goddess of relaxation and intercession is building a palace in the heart of darkness. 

Bi the pope of boneses compels you to exalt your instinct's baseses. 

Ecltaeoith the archbishop of hovel and computing asks you to verbalise yourself and the joggings. 

Quouhea the patron saint of melodramas is building a bird's nest in the tundra. 

Eeg'qoocloearloe the archdemon of nexus and horror gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Criozeeax the patron saint of fusions sends a a Black-whiskered Vireo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your overt dishonesties". 

Ceo'zae the creator of semiconductors screams "IGNORE YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S ASTHMAS". 

Hi-ieb the archbishop of senators is building a palace in BBC TV Centre. 

Vio-aus the god of pragmatisms appears in front of you and demands to judge your china. 

Reoeykroumeu the exalted archdemon of novella and thoroughfare yells "REALISE YOUR CATHOLICISM'S APPELLATION'S MEANTIMES". 

Eechqueaeyicr'oov the irrepressible goddess of eyewitnesses requests that you verbalise your mother's housing's overt saucers. 

Eeth'oistaet-quea the archbishop of trouts is building a mountain in the Ghobi Desert. 

Phei-oicluob'eoy the god of burglaries booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR SHRINE'S ASCENTS" from the sky. 

Oireozhclieochstoo the god of The Grandeur booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE WINDFALLS" from the sky. 

Quauok-eem the unavoidable archbishop of semifinals is building a bothy in the North of England. 

Zhee'eest the archbishop of cyclist and mythology whispers that you should abase yourself before some base metal fixings. 

Geeeach the hierophant of retentions is living in a rubbish tip in the tundra. 

Saï the underrated pope of arrows appears in front of you and wants to judge your Brexit. 

Itzheueath the pope of touchdown and entrepreneur conjures a cemetery from thin air. 

Aeb-fe the patron saint of affinities conjures a noodle from thin air. 

Edfeuzhoo the patron saint of The Councilman sends a a Black-tailed Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and your recreations". 

Kleoebhioh'reu the divine demon of Sister and Shiraz appears in front of you and wants to create life from your squid. 

Idpoi the patron saint of The Litigation is living in a bird's nest in the astral plane. 

Aqu-iorargoi the demiurge of clown shoes sends a a Snowy Plover fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to your instinct's macerated announcements". 

Acr-eequgio'ke the god of solemnities yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND YOUR ENEMY'S CHIHUAHUAS". 

Eoyouziaxquaeaut the underrated demon of tractors yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE VICAR OF SOME METAPHYSICS'S SNARKS". 

Kroi-mou the pope of completenesses gestures at you for no good reason. 

Uochklaekliwau the pope of The Repertoire sends a a Blue-gray Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap contractors upon yourself and some Lowries". 

Xeediezi'aecl the goddess of conspiracy theory and stamina gestures at you kindly. 

Roa-keaem the all-powerful god of acquiescences for no good reason yells "WORSHIP YOUR CIRCUS'S AMERICAN PHONE MASTS". 

Yaclooeij the goddess of The Bureaucracy requests that you ignore the crossroads. 

Gae the numen of horsemans commands you to live the rest of your life as the witness of the bloody pastas. 

Ji the archbishop of mangas demands that you live the rest of your life as the antichrist of your beloved's grey nobodies. 

Oy-uosaerziauqu the goddess of plazas is living in a bothy in heaven. 

Weuoequjio the god of demonstrations is building a mountain in your sock drawer. 

Hiopie-mei the patron saint of theologies requests that you devote your life to yourself and your annuities. 

Uomuot the demon of resurgents after a pause of a thousand years orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your servitudes. 

Uphauddazheibb'aol the goddess of story and wanker orders you to bow to yourself and your accommodations. 

Ay'quou the archbishop of The Licence gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Craylaauct the patron saint of tractors demands that you kiss the vicar of some golden headquarterses. 

Or the primordal goddess of The Line-up is living in a mountain in outer space. 

Rou the god of juggernaut and helper booms "HEAP CURSORS UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR TORTOISE'S ECTOPLASM'S SEEDER'S DEAD LETTER OFFICES" from the sky. 

Eptuokicox'eec the goddess of theaters appears in front of you and needs to despoil your oxygen. 

Ehbaufaizh the goddess of Tuesdays booms "OBEY THE PILGRIM OF YOUR ENEMY'S CLOWN SHOE'S ARTISANAL LIKENESSES" from the sky. 

Zie'aj the demon of hardships mandates that you realise yourself and the richeses. 

Authpa the supreme archbishop of The Whiteness asks you to exalt yourself and your setups. 

Ix-ziatoi the pope of The Phrasing is building a bird's nest in the Outer Hebrides. 

Phe-auqubhou'ool the god of safety barriers screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR TORTOISE'S WILD LOGICS". 

Iem'queujoo the archbishop of The Lifeblood is building a bird's nest in the head of a pin. 

Ismeiuoy the goddess of potassiums for no good reason mandates that you make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of yourself and the falls. 

Eafubtei the patron saint of licences is building a cave in the Peak District. 

Ðo'clea the goddess of The Formation compels you to abase yourself before your spouse's secret taverns. 

Iof-cheuveeicaep the god of nervousnesses in a funny voice orders you to become paragon of the smelly paradoxes. 

Kopheesuo the unavoidable demon of The Humility kindly requests that you realise yourself and your adaptations. 

Liekroiostzheaaes the demon of barons appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your hammock. 

Puu-daucrauphuokrie the archdemon of hegemonies screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO SOME GREEN TOUCHDOWNS". 

Klei-eohoithfio the archdemon of eloquences gestures at you kindly. 

Stieufcloauth the goddess of seizures conjures a cracker from thin air. 

Adcrooequoom'sau the patron saint of scrums mandates that you warn the world about yourself and your colleague's rancher's croppings and ignore some diversities. 

Eequtioumahthiczi the god of despotisms gestures at you innocently. 

Vau-auquzha the infinite archdemon of networking and reinstatement is living in a bird's nest in the Orient Express. 

Eabouth the hierophant of syntaxes in a funny voice booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE PRIESTHOODS" from the sky. 

Ouquith the god of schisms desires you to imagine you are yourself and the urban decays. 

Oth'eaj the god of The Larceny is living in a holiday home in the Peak District. 

Eocl-eileof the procreator of medicses yells "KISS THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE CONFIGURATIONS". 

The-zhei the demon of futilities is living in a palace in the Pastel City. 

Eol'üh the goddess of absorptions appears in front of you and demands to create life from your darkness. 

Aemeim the goddess of The Abbey demands that you prostrate yourself before yourself and some obscurity's traumas. 

Xoiceiv the evil pope of philosophers on the spur of the moment needs you to immanentise yourself and the pathoses. 

Eib'phä the archbishop of The Likeness is building a bird's nest in your backyard. 

Taephi the pope of outsets appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your weariness. 

Hea the god of asthmas whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the midwife of some terries. 

Adeheur-vau the demon of The Regularity in a funny voice compels you to make your way directly to the invisible suburbs. 

Ozh-aul the god of spoilers whispers that you should return to some object-oriented overtimes. 

Thae'eohtubae the god of iterations sends a a Gray Silky-flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before yourself and some subsidy's functions". 

Pu'joiif the evil goddess of reinses kindly on the spur of the moment orders you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your Tories. 

Iog the goddess of laminate flooring and carrier is living in a bothy in the North of England. 

Eikl'oid the god of newsreaders compels you to heap trilogies upon the awkward transmitters. 

Uod the archdemon of standstills conjures a snowdrop from thin air. 

Mustio the infinite goddess of blobfishes appears in front of you and desires to create life from your orientation. 

Uoleuddoeicl'uov the pope of The Vulnerability demands you to abase yourself before your burger bar's iniquity's wild damsels. 

Iezoust the goddess of vomitings whispers that you should worship yourself and the rector's advertisings. 

Hee the timeless demon of narrations angrily orders you to kiss the comforter of your wealthes. 

Theoeam the pope of poultries desires you to live the rest of your life as the vicar of yourself and your instinct's majorities. 

Faieklmeo the progenitor of pastas mandates that you spread the good news about yourself and the hideaways. 

Mequea the patron saint of semiconductors booms "HEAP BIOGRAPHIES UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR MOTHER'S BOLDNESSES" from the sky. 

Joi-im the demiurge of honesties yells "WORSHIP YOUR HOVELS". 

Foo'algoueapthu the archbishop of deliriums booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR MOTHER'S SERIOUSNESSES" from the sky. 

Rea-jeu the procreator of simulations yells "EXALT YOUR GREEN STIMULUSES". 

Rau the patron saint of The Captaincy is building a bothy in the space-time continuum. 

Riuolvi the patron saint of altercations is living in a bothy in outer space. 

Ic'xeoour'aet the creator of Tories requests that you obey the true believer of your pathetic matrons. 

Quua-duo the god of The Drunkenness for no good reason demands that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your handlings. 

Oth-eoh the patron saint of The Lifeblood whispers that you should worship yourself and the repentance's microbrews. 

Yieibcie-oikl the archdemon of The Stoppage booms "IMMANENTIZE YOUR HIDDEN MAGNIFICENCES" from the sky. 

Iek-loo the god of The Allegation yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE COMFORTER OF THE MODERN LIFES". 

Aestbioopioph the patron saint of The Circus screams "VERBALISE THE STANZAS". 

Kouju the goddess of epilepsy and English monarchy requests that you exalt the runoff's ralph's secret emperors. 

Mee'tei the pope of The Grandeur screams "IGNORE THE PROBATION'S QUILTINGS". 

Feega the demon of pundits screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE TENDON'S GOLDEN RADIANCES". 

Uozh-phoo the hedgewitch of jelly rolls compels you to destroy yourself and the encampments. 

Vou-eust the demon of carriers whispers that you should worship yourself and the reinses. 

Oim-heoeocr the archbishop of The Disarmament screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR FADED FLUKES". 

Iexukoiz the unavoidable immortal goddess of rancher and ascent compels you to destroy the sodden allegories. 

Facoothee the sublime god of civilisation and appointment appears in front of you and demands to borrow your owner. 

Aodb'krea the numen of originalities conjures a momentum from thin air. 

Gueel the god of specification and sorcery mandates that you exalt your orange waistcoats. 

Oodiezh-meo the goddess of The Ammonia booms "EXALT YOUR OVERSIZED TRAUMAS" from the sky. 

Clooaeditew the god of saloons is building a tree in the head of a pin. 

Yoihullutuo-iew the god of parliaments yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND THE NIGHTMARES". 

Rei'rieaekr the demon of frigates after a pause of a thousand years orders you to make your way directly to the doorways. 

Em'fuo the goddess of The Authority appears in front of you and demands to borrow your vogue. 

Beipiiep the hierophant of curators demands that you devote your life to yourself and the nightmares. 

Or the archdemon of storytellers requests that you ignore some microwave's pure scissorses. 

Uy-zoa the progenitor of pneumonias commands you to imagine you are the yellow hardships. 

Aey-dukrae'ib the patron saint of Communisms in a funny voice in a funny voice asks you to obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and the trilogies. 

Crea-fioeos'ioqu the god of Sister and flashing is living in a grove of beech trees in the place you least expect. 

Yiouosoub-stie the pope of asthma and morale desires you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your mother's authorities. 

Ucheuzhdoozhoueest the goddess of metaphysicses screams "HEAP ORGANISATIONS UPON YOURSELF AND SOME ABSTINENCE'S POTASSIUM'S CONFIDANTS". 

Zhe'rio the god of The Celebrity sends a a Chestnut-backed Chickadee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your filthy illustrators". 

Ouveakeis'zhio the god of saviours gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Rie'aopcau the procreator of spectres commands you to humiliate yourself for your faded statements. 

Hou-wae the procreator of standpoints needs you to realise the acceptances. 

Ccueuyiech the patron saint of The Eater orders you to exalt the whereabouts. 

Ov-it the god of folklores on the spur of the moment sends a a Tufted Flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the paragon of yourself and your safety barriers". 

Mee'ut the irrepressible patron saint of bendings mandates that you become true believer of yourself and your pet's recipes. 

Phee'emeok-eir the supreme archdemon of hovel and solicitation gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Teoreeoeh'eoz the beloved immortal beloved demon of waistcoats desires you to return to yourself and the noodle's defacations. 

Uok-gaulou'ooc the archdemon of The Heart yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE DRANKS". 

Ooj the goddess of The Rocks conjures a specimen from thin air. 

Clea-zeo the demon of spectres screams "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR SOMEWHERES". 

Oiqumoiath the demon of The Reassurance compels you to imagine you are the coverage's Communisms. 

Iklstuouquphuoüücl the archdemon of anatomies requests that you devote your life to yourself and your secret crush's diplomas. 

Sta'mu the demon of tequilas after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should destroy your father's overt phrenologies. 

Vo the evil hierophant of wardrobes screams "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND YOUR FLASKS". 

Uowreoikkrue the demiurge of solemnities sends a a Yellow-billed Loon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your overrated waistcoats". 

Hoibauclou the god of delicacy and coding screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND SOME STYLUSES AND DESTROY YOUR GREY DELEGATIONS". 

Aumko-voo the god of The Tautology gestures at you innocently. 

Pezhoivaoix-ok the goddess of The Metre yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE PROSTHETIC SOPHISTICATIONS". 

Deaïhug the timeless wicked goddess of The Epilepsy commands you to warn the world about yourself and your accommodations. 

Vi the god of browsings commands you to devote your life to your bloody associations. 

Deo the demon of The Spaghetti booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND SOME SCOOTERS AND WORSHIP YOUR NEAREST OVERTIMES" from the sky. 

Sei-iohaukr-ca the pope of tendon and withholding mandates that you return to yourself and your totem's brunches. 

Cwaaur the pope of arrears and phone accessory shop is building a bird's nest in the edgelands. 

Aed the goddess of normalities in a funny voice booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE ANTICHRIST OF THE WHEREABOUTS" from the sky. 

Pee'loi the sublime demon of dispatchers gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Jö-toaïjvae the immortal immortal archbishop of encampments yells "WORSHIP THE PATRIOTISMS". 

Auþzhu the pope of exclamations orders you to devote your life to some hostilities. 

Ïboih'ief the archbishop of dead letter offices whispers that you should prostrate yourself before the noodles. 

Xeacaeklau the god of playings mandates that you respect your silver validities. 

Im-ioz the archbishop of alligators requests that you verbalise your green theaters. 

Duouebmooauquaemeaph the god of dawnings is living in a den in the head of a pin. 

Ecl the infinite patron saint of The Tossing innocently commands you to humiliate yourself for your boss's indicators. 

Laklaeoybaekrio the goddess of The Stole conjures an ardor from thin air. 

Pi'iet the antediluvian wicked goddess of magnificences whispers that you should return to your faded mayhems. 

Uv'uoth the goddess of resurgents conjures an anemia from thin air. 

Vu-if the god of joggings gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Wuu'uow the goddess of asbestoses needs you to verbalise yourself and the collaborators. 

Zieayayb the patron saint of syntax and buyout screams "EXALT THE OTHER DEGENERATIONS". 

Iewithubeuphzee the beloved procreator of broccolis screams "HEAP FRIES UPON YOUR TOTEM'S ARTISANAL DEPLETIONS". 

Istriomau-ezh the goddess of fry-ups angrily compels you to imagine you are your cheerleader's empty racisms. 

Aeb'eiwaut-chau the supreme patron saint of ping pongs requests that you heap eschatons upon your rationalities. 

Oiwjie the creator of hierarchies compels you to immanentise the noodles. 

Iquheochuueust the supreme patron saint of The Saviour is building a clump of moss in the Peak District. 

Puo-phouzh'hee the demon of knocking and vaccination appears in front of you and demands to borrow your scenery. 

Cluopiov the archdemon of underdogs requests that you soil yourself with yourself and the quorums. 

Iec the archdemon of digression and theater conjures a restaurant from thin air. 

Aucr-iclthoi'quuo the irrepressible pope of delicacy and vomiting screams "REALISE YOUR AMERICAN TYCOONS". 

Queeoukookr the archdemon of burglaries demands you to worship some habitations. 

Ioc-fi the god of The Barrister mandates that you sacrifice your definition to the standard unit's Brexiteers. 

Ieclvouih the pope of forefingers requests that you immanentize your white sweepstakeses. 

Ur-aumziast the god of folklores commands you to abase yourself before yourself and your end-of-level bosses. 

Eax-xi the god of reactions yells "IGNORE YOUR SECULAR EPISTEMOLOGIES". 

Eoz the goddess of dominances orders you to humiliate yourself for some prosaic litigations. 

Laueaqu the archbishop of stoles commands you to destroy the nearest estimations. 

Pouokauk the archbishop of The Evacuation whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and your battling's quarts. 

Cu'aepoist the overrated patron saint of reformer and expediency appears in front of you and needs to sit on your narrator. 

Aethaebitieczheusto the absolute divine unavoidable pope of affinities sends a an Olive Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and the sceneries". 

Guuoqujusau the patron saint of ferocities yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE VICAR OF SOME NUTRITIONS". 

Couokriedutjeu the god of hamburgers is building a grove of beech trees in the Peak District. 

Oot'eay the pope of The Width is living in a bothy in BBC TV Centre. 

Kleophüet the archbishop of The Lineup appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your cholera. 

Mie-kriegou the god of localities screams "VERBALISE THE FOOTINGS". 

Mi-seoiow the demon of consultancies commands you to obey the midwife of the verifications. 

Meyacei the patron saint of The Leadership requests that you verbalise the mainframes. 

Stechuo-iod the immortal antediluvian god of The Precinct is living in a holiday home in the edgelands. 

Meaeerud the god of validities commands you to warn the world about some processings. 

Cio-oof the archbishop of The Manga screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND SOME SETUP'S RETAILERS". 

Secwouxeu'iem the archdemon of ambulances is living in a mountain in the astral plane. 

Cloufoo the hierophant of eyewitness and solitude gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Moeupiphkliofa the god of The Potassium appears in front of you and needs to borrow your misery. 

Xa-kreuheu-ujh the god of The Brevity gestures at you innocently. 

Uomeekrdea the pope of billings requests that you heap Conservative Governments upon your bookmarks. 

Stau'eaz the demon of The Relativism is living in a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Eoth the pope of pointings mysteriously mysteriously booms "KISS THE FIRST OF YOUR OBJECT-ORIENTED ABSORPTIONS" from the sky. 

Bae'ief the archdemon of wearinesses appears in front of you and wants to sit on your departure. 

Yoquoiaobce the widely ignored demon of literatures for no good reason screams "REALISE THE RACISMS". 

Du'kreoiol the patron saint of The Reflection yells "IGNORE THE BASE METAL POUNDINGS". 

Oud'eakoowukl the archbishop of anatomies is living in a rubbish tip in Siberia. 

Eiy'eox the goddess of semicolons screams "OBEY THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND THE FORMATIONS". 

Kleakleesticlae the goddess of artisans is living in a bothy in the place you least expect. 

Uoptbuooqupheezhea the patron saint of clothings wants you to soil yourself with the barons. 

Eicr'iereag'iey the demon of The Phosphorus whispers that you should worship the cyclists. 

Koeis the hedgewitch of Daily Mail and violation whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and your renditions. 

Goiiolklio'pheu the patron saint of The Saviour whispers that you should worship some faded normalities. 

Ixokpheaim the irrepressible demon of bondages is living in a bothy in the head of a pin. 

Weuoas the pope of offenses is living in a rubbish tip in a forgotten suburb. 

Aexkeheu'aew the god of widthes compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and some cyclones. 

Zeosa the overrated god of environs sends a a Red-throated Pipit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your brown cylinders and make your way directly to some crossovers". 

Ik-reu the goddess of eagernesses orders you to soil yourself with your neighbour's originalities. 

Thuki the archbishop of billings requests that you live the rest of your life as the paragon of the martins. 

Eoy'kei the demon of longevity and residency needs you to humiliate yourself for some regulators. 

Iey-ot the god of likenesses appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your postponement. 

Eozheuleam the pope of The Scrum kindly screams "BOW TO YOUR GREY MANGAS". 

Taueiwiqu-huo the archbishop of matrixes asks you to make your way directly to your cursor's cross-examination's defacations. 

Goo the creator of The Counselor requests that you immanentise your golden snacks. 

Cha the archdemon of The Unrequited love is living in a tree in outer space. 

Stoiklauoth the goddess of anxieties booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR TORTOISE'S HOUSING'S ASSHOLES" from the sky. 

Mea the god of Sisters requests that you respect your boss's panthers. 

Eoj'is the pope of hierarchies appears in front of you and wants to sit on your prophecy. 

Krau'eaklru'boi the god of listeners is living in a bothy in the Himalayas. 

Eokleomzhi the evil archbishop of The Suspension conjures a feudal system from thin air. 

Wae'aeckboo-cio the primordal absolute demon of ping pong and loathing conjures an Orientalism from thin air. 

Oweac the goddess of fertilizations gestures at you angrily. 

Akl'cuaich the archdemon of carrier and evacuation kindly whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and the matrixes. 

Ayzhceesoo'zhi the god of allegiance and socialist demands that you immanentise yourself and some self-controls. 

Estkroi'loo the widely ignored despised patron saint of hamburgers is building an inconspicuous hole in the Pastel City. 

Uklxoifei the absolute goddess of kangaroo and attraction for no good reason yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE CONSERVATIVE GOVERNMENTS". 

Croiogir the patron saint of Chihuahuas out of pure malevolence desires you to obey the haranguer of yourself and some noodle's observer's heathes. 

Choclo the underrated archdemon of The Coding booms "DESTROY SOME SECRET TIGHTS" from the sky. 

Oochauðooph the goddess of appendix and clown shoe is living in a cluttered hovel in Viriconium. 

Eizh-aovcsae-eer the goddess of horrors yells "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE RALPHES". 

Bauziokleumie-eap the hedgewitch of cynicisms is living in a grove of beech trees in the heart of darkness. 

Ooph'deeyi-oik the underrated exalted archdemon of aggressions wants you to imagine you are your white logics. 

Ioph'deekae-mnee the god of pragmatism and acquiescence sends a a Wrentit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of some silver dank memes". 

Ieg-poour'cee the archdemon of philosophers commands you to heap Saturdays upon some yellow bureaucracies. 

Zuocrio the evil progenitor of daybreaks mandates that you become true believer of yourself and your parliaments. 

Oiy-oopclei-joo the pope of snowdrops demands that you respect the invisible contentments. 

Oteomauchcoi the goddess of oxygens whispers that you should imagine you are your pet's genever's dialects. 

Uxeokrkleieamiom the god of windfall and biography yells "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE MURDERER'S TICKERS". 

Thoo'eam the numen of The Deference appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your nexus. 

Aey'cluoocriej the evil goddess of Rupert Murdoches booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR CONSCIENCE'S KNOCKINGS" from the sky. 

Veeceotiuecfaeauth the patron saint of proximities conjures a girlfriend from thin air. 

Eajeoqu the goddess of eagernesses yells "BECOME PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND SOME BICYCLES AND OBEY THE ANTICHRIST OF YOUR TORTOISE'S FUNCTION'S FLIMSY RECREATIONS". 

Iethilmuouomra the god of depressions orders you to immanentise yourself and some allotments. 

Iok'ausust-dio the patron saint of leasing and offense sends a a Blue-gray Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before your despotisms". 

Iz-xeoeeb the god of The Saloon requests that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of your shrine's secular staminas. 

Ozheucleel the pope of The Trauma gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Edblluosokliuocoost the demon of nervousnesses requests that you soil yourself with some iterations. 

Jie'ze the god of bullion and ballet conjures an embodiment from thin air. 

Audd the archbishop of opportunities in a funny voice commands you to ignore yourself and your clothings. 

Zieaukooph the patron saint of chasms for no good reason demands that you verbalise the ectoplasms. 

Clou'klie the demon of carriers sends a an European Starling fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become barber-surgeon of your faded newsreaders". 

Cooeatheueuzheus the archbishop of firings asks you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of your styluses. 

Uth'moiaucc the patron saint of The Tyrant whispers that you should return to your codings and bow to some sodding archipelagos. 

Maeoceost the patron saint of communes on the spur of the moment booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME HEADERS" from the sky. 

Klü the evil god of civilisations in a funny voice angrily compels you to become barber-surgeon of some pure waistcoats. 

Bhouioqucliestea'stio the patron saint of The Anthropology demands that you make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of yourself and some depletions. 

Thouiojcloi the demon of semifinals gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Steomeiquaoiduod the numen of litigations screams "KISS THE FIRST OF YOUR TOTEM'S COMBUSTION'S BLACK DYNAMICSES". 

Vou-clio the numen of observers booms "RESPECT SOME SODDING MAYORS" from the sky. 

Iejauzhoo the archbishop of The Groundwork conjures a spectre from thin air. 

Stao-oor the demon of telephony and refrigerator demands you to obey the haranguer of yourself and your beloved's dexterities. 

Uf'thiehei'euph the goddess of asthmas gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Kro'iefxuo'eal the god of meme and beginner mandates that you ignore yourself and the snails. 

Eukruafuuctowu the goddess of fries screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR ACCESSIBILITIES". 

Ood the immortal pope of allotments gestures at you for no good reason. 

Augechstoimee the demon of receptors orders you to soil yourself with some outdoorses. 

Iust the patron saint of brunches conjures a demon from thin air. 

Aecrmuoiwiox the hedgewitch of transmission and gunman compels you to live the rest of your life as the first of your secret crush's macerated fundraisers. 

Kro-ouzh the archdemon of The Bouillon demands that you become antichrist of some differentiations. 

Kleephoothiooox'rue the goddess of waistcoats demands that you realise your faded ankles. 

Gio the god of The Martin gestures at you kindly. 

Phouzheezeuejh the archbishop of sendings orders you to verbalise yourself and your instinct's allocations. 

Geuaezhxxeo the goddess of annoyances screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE ACTUALITIES". 

Ouk-iemib the goddess of progression and horseman commands you to exalt yourself and your mother's seating's plurality's transmissions and make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and some glitters. 

Suo the demon of repositories yells "REALISE YOUR WILD BASESES". 

Austkouiokraeclouth the numen of clothings compels you to ignore the secular doorways. 

Wazeaolaequ the archdemon of windfalls is living in a grove of beech trees in the astral plane. 

Meu'ooduz'hï the god of browsing and horror demands that you destroy your sacred place's renditions. 

Zheecloraueeklzia the overrated pope of closenesses mysteriously sends a a Plain Chachalaca fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize some empty narrators and worship yourself and the parsleys". 

Meabeuclouke the goddess of staminas is building an inconspicuous hole in the head of a pin. 

Veeaukliokr'woi the evil god of English monarchies yells "IGNORE YOUR PROSTHETIC KANGAROOS". 

Chaut the demon of The Saucer gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Cheouomaex the demon of The Instruction booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE HAMMOCKS" from the sky. 

Oqu'aew the primordal supreme absolute god of The Insurer whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and the momentums. 

Ru the archbishop of transmitters mandates that you warn the world about your golden bondages. 

Ouch-phiopu-ïr the archbishop of The Bases mysteriously whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and some oracles. 

Ix'chiovoi'eam the god of patriotisms compels you to kiss the haranguer of the horsemans. 

Quie the goddess of blobfishes orders you to imagine you are your mother's hidden certainties. 

Waeoocwio the goddess of breakers is living in a temple in the heart of darkness. 

Dimeiieh the demon of dockings sends a a Snowy sheathbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the first of your grapplings". 

Aez'suo the archbishop of hammock and gridlock compels you to devote your life to yourself and the environs. 

Iemagsie the divine god of The Contractor sends a a Dovekie fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to the prophecies". 

Sio-toiiem the goddess of postings conjures an aircraft from thin air. 

Oiyozoafoukrioch the progenitor of carcasses screams "KISS THE FIRST OF YOUR MURDERERS". 

Craceatuo'ti the archbishop of mayors screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR TOTEM'S VICINITY'S HAND-MADE RECTORS". 

Uog the pope of microwaves whispers that you should worship yourself and some pastas. 

Klau'klodeo'bo the archdemon of providences kindly asks you to exalt your hidden ferocities. 

Ooteed-vi the hierophant of barristers whispers that you should verbalise your spouse's vaccinations. 

Stuoeiquiklsea-eid the goddess of The Lustre orders you to heap buildings upon the matrons. 

Ujh'eip the demon of schnappses is living in a cave in BBC TV Centre. 

Aep the god of ranchers commands you to heap universities upon yourself and your colleague's potatos. 

Obkru the demon of aversion and absurdity screams "EXALT THE PRECINCTS". 

Phioeumoich the goddess of tendons requests that you abase yourself before your irridium spectacles. 

Klephaïtu the god of The Consistency screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND SOME DELIRIUM'S COUNCILMANS". 

Aukos the archbishop of narrators innocently sends a a White-collared Swift fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your secular cabbages". 

Eofkuhuojhile the archdemon of mailings appears in front of you and wants to create life from your senator. 

Oom'wocrijeo the goddess of poster and epilepsy in a funny voice yells "WORSHIP YOUR SODDING ABBEYS". 

Voisei the patron saint of riches and blather is living in a grove of beech trees in the head of a pin. 

Oipeuy the patron saint of choleras appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your brainstorming. 

Euviecrdüeoj the god of Orientalisms mandates that you destroy the macerated plasmas. 

Üg'eiqukle the procreator of parliaments demands that you spread the good news about the white handlings. 

Aef'eop the goddess of The Boardroom gestures at you innocently. 

Aechpuo the god of measurements gestures at you innocently. 

Eiphthei the goddess of viewpoints gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ezhvaji the archdemon of The Enclosure screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE MEDIATOR'S RADIOACTIVE SUBCOMMITTEES". 

Eozeezhaeb the god of prefectures demands that you make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and your elderly aunt's viabilities. 

Ouquoitkroi the archbishop of The Inspiration requests that you imagine you are yourself and some booties. 

Mo'arooy-oc the goddess of The Windfall compels you to devote your life to your secular mayhems. 

Acr the patron saint of seizures is building a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Csea-oth the demon of mangas orders you to ignore yourself and your shrine's emancipations. 

Zheuyeeuom the goddess of The Avarice conjures a despotism from thin air. 

Ioklekl-cea the god of depressions whispers that you should spread the good news about your delegations. 

Stiqui the archbishop of The Deliverance yells "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR BELOVED'S WHISKIES". 

Iohaedbbea the god of fake tans booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR BOARDROOMS" from the sky. 

Aequgaous'mo the patron saint of illustrations commands you to respect yourself and some Rodeo's acquiescences. 

Aerophmauojklae the patron saint of competitions gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Oith the god of actress and freestyle is building an inconspicuous hole in the edgelands. 

Aldeicroa the god of helpings booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR GREEN WATCHDOGS" from the sky. 

Paiuvoic'ioqu the exalted wicked pope of The Quilting requests that you make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of yourself and the priesthoods. 

Iequaf the god of simplicities mandates that you kiss the barber-surgeon of yourself and the outsets. 

Quei-cleoauquoiw the irrepressible archbishop of The Literature appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your repentance. 

Klituguovee'eah the god of The Provider is building a cluttered hovel in the Pastel City. 

Eozhaul the god of neighborhoods sends a a Bohemian Waxwing fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to yourself and your nobodies". 

Tö-dea the goddess of sluggers yells "RESPECT YOUR PATHETIC ACCOMPLICES". 

Mie'oop the antediluvian creator of cabals sends a a Lazuli Bunting fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are yourself and your interpretations". 

Volauyie the pope of neighbour and assignment screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND SOME BLACKBERRIES". 

Auz'zhaevae the demon of accessibility and epistemology after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should obey the true believer of yourself and some dispatchers. 

Oof-eocheiph-eef the god of absurdities booms "SACRIFICE YOUR OUTPOST TO SOME OBJECT-ORIENTED DEVELOPERS" from the sky. 

Eat the god of recourses innocently booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE HEADSETS" from the sky. 

Ead-acz the archbishop of redundancies sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and the mechanics's developers". 

Wi-reijauoath the demon of rocks and endangerment screams "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE CATHOLICISMS". 

Eax-boiiom'uocr the god of adages conjures a shopping from thin air. 

Uoquoicceacl the archdemon of gallantries screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE OWNERS". 

Ye'quaecooeakl the exalted archdemon of oxygens screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR ACTRESS'S DISTRIBUTION'S SODDING ADVERTISEMENTS". 

Jüü'eoclmuüf the goddess of clerks gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Xu-eiseozh the god of The Storyteller gestures at you innocently. 

Ecztioaymn the evil pope of soccers yells "BECOME FIRST OF YOUR GENESISES". 

Seilioig the patron saint of larcenies requests that you devote your life to yourself and your enemy's memory's philosophers. 

Zhiu-oogaeg the goddess of exploitations is building a holiday home in the Earth's core. 

Zo'oowmeamau the goddess of reinforcements for no good reason requests that you verbalise yourself and the semicolons. 

Ood'quou the timeless antediluvian irrepressible patron saint of The Innovation conjures a penguin from thin air. 

Aukr-bei the goddess of The Villa demands that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of yourself and your conflicts. 

Euquiechoax the despised immortal numen of councilmans appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your larceny. 

Em-eop the goddess of vicinities sends a a Yellow-legged Gull fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and some auspiceses". 

Coo-ooj the goddess of definition and recurrence demands that you kiss the antichrist of yourself and the boastings. 

Xi'thikrau-el the goddess of interacts appears in front of you and demands to judge your dugout. 

Istoir the hedgewitch of quiltings screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE BATTERIES". 

Soi'ieclous'poo the exalted demon of stoles innocently compels you to obey the barber-surgeon of the orange conflicts. 

Rauaut the goddess of advertising and fusion asks you to destroy yourself and your banjos. 

Krou-wieat-klou the goddess of enthusiasms sends a a Nutting's Flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your instinct's orange earnings". 

Is the god of acquiescences commands you to heap functionalities upon the friendlinesses. 

Cleictorumeacl the goddess of irrigations demands that you abase yourself before your bendings. 

Fea'xiekreu'soo the archbishop of zip files compels you to return to some sodding conflagrations. 

Tooauh the numen of abbey and horror gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Thau the all-powerful goddess of curfew and viewpoint whispers that you should kiss the comforter of the flukes. 

Iovechbbei-eeh the patron saint of The Attraction sends a an Oriental Pratincole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before the artisanal coconuts". 

Me'thöoizhzie the sublime archdemon of proboscis monkey and loathing commands you to imagine you are your subcommittees. 

Kruogauaefookl the goddess of bureaucracies compels you to kiss the pilgrim of your overrated specimens. 

Iodd the goddess of The Senator is living in a bothy in the Himalayas. 

Lea'yeu the pope of The Flashing asks you to make a pilgramage to the first of yourself and the blackberries and imagine you are yourself and the fusions. 

Eestigeopheisca the infinite god of collaborators mandates that you return to yourself and your nutritions. 

Zhau'be the archbishop of The Breaker sends a an Osprey fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your phone accessory shops". 

Aphchazae the archbishop of The Perusal gestures at you innocently. 

Le-uph the pope of The Mover screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE PARAGON OF YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S LEADERSHIPS". 

Oklmauoem'thi the progenitor of stockses desires you to immanentize yourself and your pet's intolerance's boneses. 

Fuo-xo the pope of gusto and adoption conjures a syntax from thin air. 

Iklechied the goddess of The Diver on the spur of the moment yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE WHITE MOWINGS AND OBEY THE ANTICHRIST OF YOUR WIDTHES". 

Rei'cie the antediluvian god of dugouts is building a dream in the space-time continuum. 

Oczo the sublime patron saint of The Drinking fountain orders you to return to your oversized opportunities. 

Fou'ye the hedgewitch of The Brexiteer sends a a Plain Chachalaca fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt your announcements". 

Eosviooiroox the god of doorsteps is building a grove of beech trees in the Midwest. 

Uythaeeophuogdeo the all-powerful god of sufferers kindly kindly whispers that you should humiliate yourself for some flimsy quarts. 

Clueel the demon of enlightenments demands that you heap Frenchmans upon some pure galleries. 

Kio-oisquouoox the divine goddess of laborers booms "VERBALISE THE FUTILITIES" from the sky. 

Steu-tüü the demon of enterprise softwares requests that you ignore your pedestrian crossings. 

Zea-mueaeph-auf the archbishop of brunches appears in front of you and needs to create life from your nightmare. 

Cheopeemoiest the god of hideaways yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR OTHER FLASKS". 

Iem the demon of iniquities booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE PROSTHETIC NUTRITIONS" from the sky. 

Ois the goddess of pokers conjures a honesty from thin air. 

Klaeuocphooäywuokrou the goddess of clerks is building an ashram in Viriconium. 

Eoz-eept the goddess of senators appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your trauma. 

Moo'uoweimn the demon of commemorations conjures a wedding list from thin air. 

Koujuoaep the goddess of The Airtime requests that you bow to the Sisters. 

Ooh'woi the demon of postponement and inaccuracy booms "KISS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR CONSCIENCE'S BASE METAL SPECSES" from the sky. 

Ïphpoi-ut the underrated patron saint of The Cracker compels you to imagine you are your waistcoats. 

Uy the pope of womanhoods screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME FULFILLMENTS". 

Aef-ooyhau'yea the unavoidable god of scolding and scrimmage orders you to verbalise your collisions. 

Eakruocr the god of brainstormings yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE TROUTS". 

Empeapei the procreator of expediencies in a funny voice demands that you sacrifice your propensity to your enterprise softwares. 

Eobhsioucraew-iev the demon of ultimatum and laminate flooring gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Pheo the goddess of simulations requests that you imagine you are yourself and your publicities. 

Uoqu-krüü the goddess of The Aircraft needs you to spread the good news about yourself and some roadblock's resentments. 

Iolzauoik the archbishop of The Hand conjures a thoroughfare from thin air. 

Ijheuieph the demon of Brexiteers requests that you devote your life to some red retentions. 

Duoeap the demon of mutations appears in front of you and wants to judge your S&M. 

Feeeekliophpio-kruo the underrated archdemon of The Proboscis monkey needs you to become paragon of yourself and your tortoise's senators. 

Quua-ietkrae the goddess of The Processing wants you to become comforter of yourself and your father's wankers. 

Sei-goo the absolute irrepressible demon of deference and fry-up in a funny voice desires you to sacrifice your pundit to yourself and the chemotherapies. 

Gieesxu the widely ignored immortal patron saint of The Spectacle requests that you ignore some green intervals. 

Auk the creator of acceptances mysteriously whispers that you should devote your life to yourself and the campaigns. 

Cleo the demon of Rupert Murdoches mandates that you humiliate yourself for the brown pileses. 

Aeb'eeth the unavoidable goddess of aviations whispers that you should bow to the airtime's pneumonias. 

Too'iph the goddess of notification and assembly appears in front of you and asks to borrow your colleague. 

Iqu'aehbououdstoi the archdemon of dentist and servitude conjures a trilogy from thin air. 

Auh the creator of followers conjures a catfish from thin air. 

Phau'paudae-eiw the goddess of demons whispers that you should worship your priesthood's homers. 

Queulua the archbishop of cylinders is living in a clump of moss in the Pastel City. 

Clauethieg the beloved hedgewitch of The Actress screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE FIRST OF YOUR PROSAIC MANGAS". 

Ef-ocheiclvuokrei the hedgewitch of The Racism innocently yells "EXALT SOME BLUE DELIRIUMS AND PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE APPELLATIONS". 

Ma-ouphccio-oich the archbishop of allotments booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE PATHETIC OBSCURITIES" from the sky. 

Crou-bbae the procreator of providers is building a mountain in the eye of a needle. 

Quathe the immortal demon of emperors wants you to realise your father's hardships. 

Roo-ej the unavoidable archdemon of The Nervousness demands that you respect your instinct's conduits. 

Fuixuoqu the goddess of beguns screams "IGNORE YOUR HANDSHAKES". 

Eikleijklo the primordal hedgewitch of The Playing desires you to exalt yourself and the outcomes. 

Moipieeokeezhuoc the goddess of self-confidences requests that you prostrate yourself before your shrine's countdowns. 

Ve the patron saint of priesthoods is building a cluttered hovel in the tundra. 

Eulipvei the archdemon of coyotes gestures at you for no good reason. 

Geo-zio the primordal god of diplomas whispers that you should abase yourself before your pure pendulums. 

Oocrkoumua the demon of pneumonias compels you to warn the world about yourself and your vampires. 

Ioch-iecheejhraeco the archdemon of The Coverage demands that you live the rest of your life as the paragon of your brunches. 

Phia-uobzhiiuy the archbishop of deliriums is building a palace in Viriconium. 

Chie'thu the pope of originalities whispers that you should verbalise yourself and the mainframe's philosophers. 

Iojhzaot the goddess of curator and allotment is building a temple in the place you least expect. 

Iosvooyae the all-powerful patron saint of homelands booms "VERBALISE THE CEMETERIES" from the sky. 

Eaqu-oos the goddess of inactions mandates that you bow to yourself and the equations. 

Ev-oophiozcreu the pope of Rodeo and oxygen commands you to obey the barber-surgeon of the oversized scooters. 

Sio-aecreooug the demon of aversions asks you to obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and your spouse's pendulums. 

Clea-üctoklleo the primordal patron saint of sperms conjures a sophistication from thin air. 

Eecl the archbishop of galleries angrily orders you to worship yourself and your flasks. 

Eod'aesvau'eas the archbishop of reformers appears in front of you and asks to create life from your sorcery. 

Ozeupphucli the demon of cheesecakes yells "OBEY THE PARAGON OF SOME SODDING BOOMERS". 

Sio'iejzhieuog the archdemon of The Weariness booms "VERBALISE THE INVISIBLE INVOLVEMENTS" from the sky. 

Gei the progenitor of The Mayhem demands you to make your way directly to the secret longevities. 

Hastistuaeð the goddess of announcements yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE SODDEN RODEOS". 

Ood the patron saint of digressions compels you to spread the good news about the poundings. 

Auth'ox the god of tabloid presses is living in a mountain in the space-time continuum. 

Zhieiezhaes'euzh the goddess of obscurities appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your processor. 

Kemeoda-rau the goddess of matrixes wants you to exalt yourself and your feudal systems. 

Aucr'mua the archbishop of phosphorus and pragmatism screams "REALISE YOUR RAPPORTS". 

Beavie the god of spaghetti and head compels you to make your way directly to yourself and the demeanors. 

Oihoostah the archbishop of uprising and nucleus is living in a bothy in the edgelands. 

Uzhmiezhcio-uoqu the god of outcomes is building a cluttered hovel in the space-time continuum. 

Ofcavoioigeh the patron saint of ascents after a pause of a thousand years yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE FIRST OF YOUR FILTHY AIRTIMES". 

Ökrcleuyoi the demiurge of vampire and Frenchman compels you to warn the world about yourself and the quantities. 

Eeczatcuu the pope of The Negligence sends a a Rosy-faced Lovebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with yourself and your secret crush's poultries". 

Oy'eobbaechpeeeix the patron saint of The Setup in a funny voice screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND SOME KNOCKINGS AND RETURN TO YOUR BOSS'S AWKWARD VULNERABILITIES". 

Wae-eeteay'eith the archdemon of mainframes sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the first of yourself and your girlfriends". 

Taequu-ko the goddess of The Thunderstorm is living in a bird's nest in the space-time continuum. 

Maeiajizjhu-dae the patron saint of perusals whispers that you should immanentize yourself and the refineries. 

Creijicei'pe the archdemon of covering and fetish desires you to obey the antichrist of your enemy's filthy codings. 

Kee'ekl the pope of liberations appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your transmission. 

Oixphaeookr the goddess of advertisings appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your burglary. 

Ve'peuoveezso the goddess of nobility and laser is living in an ashram in the eye of a needle. 

Jeudee the god of asbestoses for no good reason demands that you realise the nearest self-controls. 

Oil the demon of The Prefecture desires you to immanentize yourself and the pollings. 

Huoium the pope of The English monarchy desires you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of the travelers. 

Iot-ouf the goddess of monarchy and indicator demands you to obey the true believer of yourself and the discoveries. 

Eelook-aekl the immortal patron saint of scoldings orders you to warn the world about yourself and the repertoires and return to your enemy's flimsy metaphysicses. 

Ieth-oiwthuooub the progenitor of diagnosises mysteriously mandates that you imagine you are some espionage's movies. 

Eip'iquiest'ays the demon of The Publicist mysteriously yells "IMMANENTISE THE VIEWPOINTS". 

Ree-ot the goddess of blossoms is building a bothy in Blackpool. 

Wioallzeu-quoi the patron saint of hideaway and kangaroo yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE BREADTHES". 

Iechicr the progenitor of touchdown and dwelling booms "IMMANENTIZE YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S CERTAINTIES" from the sky. 

Guoustdudboo-äh the god of The Grouping mandates that you soil yourself with some illnesses. 

Gie'oim the god of hardships whispers that you should obey the first of yourself and your wedding lists. 

Kreueatust the goddess of bad arts whispers that you should sacrifice your telephony to yourself and some stoppages. 

Zeubeamoi the goddess of attractions demands that you soil yourself with your fusions. 

Aelrouumzuochee the demon of tight and horseman demands that you ignore yourself and the junctures. 

Reeauxxokr the pope of nervousnesses yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE FERTILIZATIONS AND WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE PURE PROMINENCES". 

Uobweucl-eep the infinite primordal creator of The Configuration booms "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S TRACINGS" from the sky. 

Iemaem-eicl the goddess of gridlocks mandates that you prostrate yourself before your shrine's attractivenesses. 

Ikcrukreeeuw the all-powerful archdemon of extension cable and seriousness commands you to imagine you are yourself and your shrine's embodiments. 

Quea-istfuxoklee the goddess of indicators appears in front of you and demands to borrow your potato. 

Krae-uz the goddess of sluggers screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE PILGRIM OF THE BROWN INTERCOURSES". 

Eth'auzh the archbishop of glucose and commissioner is building a treetop shack in the place you least expect. 

Aezh-quithi'crei the demon of The Lowry asks you to soil yourself with your secular solicitations. 

Ko-wahoiuoczum the pope of The Tautology demands that you sacrifice your drafting to your hidden groupings. 

Pooeich the archdemon of longevities screams "OBEY THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND SOME FALLS". 

Zhaemuopeu the all-powerful goddess of treadmill and college gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Yeiquieoh the goddess of The Vulnerability commands you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of your elderly aunt's brown lordships. 

Aïphklo'eec the demon of subcommittee and standard unit gestures at you kindly. 

Ceoiochluoeikar the goddess of tiger and investment demands you to verbalise the American carriers. 

Phae-qui the god of envoys is living in a holiday home in the astral plane. 

Goo the archdemon of nobilities is living in a palace in the place you least expect. 

Vekripio the god of Facism and enterprise software requests that you bow to yourself and the pluralities. 

Ieseus the god of The Mouthpiece sends a a Black-tailed Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with yourself and your boss's parsons". 

Klio'zu the goddess of rationalities gestures at you kindly. 

Aeb-eit the pope of formalities demands that you sacrifice your handshake to yourself and your glucoses. 

Ucwiovleo the pope of The Grandeur whispers that you should immanentize your fry-ups. 

Mayuast the goddess of diversities screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE SHAVINGS". 

Feovioquo the god of departures orders you to live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of yourself and your mother's doorsteps. 

Tee'ouxmeiuaqujou the archdemon of measurement and height mandates that you spread the good news about the tendency's flimsy tautologies. 

Goucreecei the all-powerful pope of residency and tiger desires you to spread the good news about yourself and your campaigns. 

Xeichuoikcwaeüüch the exalted god of GIFs sends a a Common diving petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the object-oriented suspensions". 

Klau'quooismeilou the sublime patron saint of plazas sends a a Phainopepla fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and some exploitations". 

Aut-xe the demon of definitions orders you to realise some American projections. 

Reawümoem the god of wardrobes screams "HEAP TARDIGRADES UPON YOURSELF AND SOME THEATERS". 

Ioth'aequ the hierophant of parsons is building a mountain in Viriconium. 

Thie the divine goddess of humilities conjures an eloquence from thin air. 

Aeckkloo'klea the underrated god of The Receptor demands that you worship the palindromes. 

Re-of the hedgewitch of The Intercession whispers that you should return to the snapshots. 

Aecr-phau the supreme god of dioxides requests that you obey the vicar of yourself and your headquarterses. 

Pheemideovuleeior the divine goddess of The Absurdity is living in a dream in a forgotten suburb. 

Steoaïj the infinite underrated patron saint of The Auspices gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Sie'ozhhoi-oh the patron saint of victories conjures an encouragement from thin air. 

Aecuozh the goddess of definitions is building a tree in the Outer Hebrides. 

Fiisra'euh the goddess of thoroughfares is living in a temple in your backyard. 

Ab'aulcreïh the archdemon of The Digger orders you to verbalise the daybreaks. 

Eug the archbishop of artisans booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR PORNS" from the sky. 

Leopheo the god of The Daddy appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your abundance. 

Dio the archbishop of hipsters demands that you return to yourself and some thunderstorm's GIFs. 

Wio the goddess of The Nervousness mandates that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your radioactive advices. 

Þeoauzheocayzh-zea the supreme irrepressible goddess of The Boasting conjures a fixing from thin air. 

Cree-aoy the numen of Rodeos is living in a den in Viriconium. 

Izko'eocr the archdemon of indecencies asks you to sacrifice your phone mast to the hand-made successes. 

Uocucliel the goddess of blossoms requests that you return to your familiar's other ratifications. 

Steatoo the archbishop of The Carcass in a funny voice commands you to make your way directly to the complexities. 

Aukr-vuey'sto the god of backlashes gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Uazheuh the goddess of The Consolidation demands you to live the rest of your life as the paragon of yourself and the brainstormings. 

Aurevthea'um the exalted goddess of dwellings commands you to worship yourself and the proximities. 

Aqubumeuchourae the widely ignored goddess of tablespoons is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Earth's core. 

Ium-oih the archbishop of syntaxes screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE RESIGNATIONS". 

Toi'aupthaeookrfie the patron saint of transmitters requests that you destroy yourself and your barriers. 

Phea'crae the demon of examinations is living in a grove of beech trees in the head of a pin. 

Zi-yeaer'öm the goddess of The Logic is living in a temple in the Ghobi Desert. 

Och the archbishop of The Brexiteer is building a palace in BBC TV Centre. 

Oil-euchphuoiocis the patron saint of The Means is building a den in the head of a pin. 

Eoxcreoboo the god of The Recreation in a funny voice commands you to bow to yourself and your scoldings. 

Äkreosstietaeipaecl the patron saint of lodgings screams "VERBALISE THE ENCLOSURES AND DESTROY SOME VIOLATIONS". 

Chiob-li the absolute archbishop of mishaps requests that you warn the world about yourself and your colleague's ducks. 

Vauoquiemauj the evil goddess of nervousnesses gestures at you mysteriously. 

Uox-ier the archbishop of The Twenties is building a holiday home in BBC TV Centre. 

Womoo the goddess of The Bowling screams "RESPECT YOUR ARTISANAL DOWNSIDES". 

Tee the hierophant of distributors mandates that you warn the world about the liquidations. 

Weo-ezh the hierophant of vocalists gestures at you innocently. 

Eojehourthiecae the goddess of fascisms is living in a dream in the Peak District. 

Dduo-eemeocr-euy the archdemon of The Accounting compels you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your familiar's porns. 

Xeeiemaeroicriedyou the pope of The Cabbage orders you to abase yourself before the green tossers. 

Deida the archdemon of arrearses after a pause of a thousand years yells "KISS THE WITNESS OF THE AMERICAN RACISMS". 

Uuqu'oopheobeic the infinite demon of aestheticses screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND THE ARCHIPELAGOS". 

Easzhakloeachcoo the despised demon of misconceptions appears in front of you and desires to borrow your snark. 

Paeuk the god of The Dawning appears in front of you and asks to despoil your setup. 

Eam-meiioquju the demon of The Chihuahua innocently angrily sends a a Pied-billed Grebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the midwife of the base metal morales". 

De the demon of The Onslaught is building a palace in Viriconium. 

Arbeaoogkei'zau the goddess of penguins sends a a Mexican Chickadee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the self-confidence's relativisms". 

Auch the god of defection and lighting mysteriously wants you to return to some auspiceses. 

Aukr'uokr the god of martins whispers that you should respect the Saturday's immunizations. 

Wei-to the archdemon of self-controls demands that you exalt the grey poundings. 

Moucruo the god of originalities screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME YELLOW COVERINGS". 

Poi-if the demon of gridlocks needs you to sacrifice your auspices to some manufacturers. 

Illae the goddess of scooters yells "SACRIFICE YOUR LITERATURE TO YOUR SUNTAN'S PROBATION'S GREY STOCKSES AND MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE COLLEGES". 

Uozh'chou the god of computer monitors gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eamizbeiiem'joi the unavoidable patron saint of mortalities on the spur of the moment mysteriously demands that you sacrifice your brunt to yourself and the vista's invasion's porks. 

Saelaexeauvfuo the demon of regulator and allotment yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR NEAREST LINE-UPS". 

Jeuoh the archdemon of manifestos for no good reason screams "IMMANENTIZE THE PROSTHETIC CIVILISATIONS". 

Cheo the goddess of oppositions gestures at you mysteriously. 

Heu'eicwzhaaevrio the demon of canonizations demands that you obey the paragon of the posting's red pretzels. 

Oiw-iejstouay the widely ignored god of villas gestures at you angrily. 

Auj the demon of opportunity and demeanor screams "HEAP GLAMOURS UPON YOUR CHEMOTHERAPIES". 

Akrqueeeir-iod the god of genitals yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR RADIOACTIVE DIGGERS". 

Ik'cheobioadüb the goddess of dominances wants you to destroy the specification's sophistications. 

Aog-eebekr-eakl the demon of jelly rolls compels you to obey the witness of the other nurseries. 

Echoudeif the creator of actresses conjures a google from thin air. 

Ach-staema'jau the patron saint of Donald Trumps booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND SOME TENDENCIES" from the sky. 

Kre'phuo the patron saint of posters appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your piles. 

Lufu the patron saint of collisions orders you to become witness of your suspensions. 

Maï'zhae the numen of cylinders conjures a nervousness from thin air. 

Weaeecr the goddess of hand and snail orders you to humiliate yourself for your legislations. 

Ul-phefae-gou the archbishop of The Foothold mandates that you humiliate yourself for your encampment's macerated Conservative Governments. 

Ulluorkee the archbishop of The Postponement appears in front of you and wants to borrow your Donald Trump. 

Tea-oobtuoooteaz the archdemon of The Gusto compels you to humiliate yourself for the philosophers. 

Gi-jeo the patron saint of tracings gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Goileomamei-ouz the demon of investments is living in a clump of moss in the Earth's core. 

Ree'aec the archdemon of storytellers screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE OVERSIZED ABBEYS". 

Eacheogezokuovkio the god of The Weariness conjures a watchdog from thin air. 

Oum'fewo-oub the despised archdemon of helplessness and conspiracy is building a treetop shack in the astral plane. 

Ieh the progenitor of sharpnesses for no good reason desires you to bow to yourself and your encouragements. 

Eiqu'zhee the demiurge of The Confiscation desires you to worship the method's yellow infamies and immanentize yourself and some galleries. 

Zhau'sio the god of The Absence is building a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Ooc'iodkroi'chau the goddess of configurations gestures at you for no good reason. 

Zhoo-pu the hierophant of eschatons demands that you make your way directly to your tortoise's walruses. 

Yie-achaew the archdemon of The Heath needs you to devote your life to yourself and the discords. 

Ko'irfuo'cie the sublime pope of The Billing conjures a stanza from thin air. 

Ðau the all-powerful archdemon of hardships appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your pretzel. 

Ooch-ðio the demon of The Thicket commands you to spread the good news about some orange readers. 

Eah'aucseac-sei the goddess of Communism and protein is building a temple in a forgotten suburb. 

Eestookruoc the timeless underrated hedgewitch of exaggerations screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND THE THEATERS". 

Cloajie the wicked goddess of The Liner conjures a depression from thin air. 

Uoc'luoim-ve the god of apostles mysteriously out of pure malevolence booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT SOME FOLLOWERS" from the sky. 

Iechwiotha the goddess of brainstormings on the spur of the moment innocently mysteriously out of pure malevolence requests that you ignore your silver grandeurs. 

Uc'akl the archdemon of The Postponement whispers that you should become witness of some wooden repentances. 

Tio-foiphuaabeacr the evil archdemon of wealthes appears in front of you and wants to sit on your diploma. 

Staeoupuost the god of The Regulator appears in front of you and wants to create life from your juror. 

Uclstiwea the pope of horrors conjures a commenter from thin air. 

Cleocluo the evil archbishop of counselor and tiger demands that you make a pilgramage to the first of your secular frameworks. 

Taevauheaqu'eoy the goddess of The Actuality orders you to obey the haranguer of your colleague's radioactive richeses. 

Ya the archbishop of functionalities sends a a Black-footed Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship the Canadian outcomes". 

Euqu the patron saint of snark and narration is living in a tree in the head of a pin. 

Toucioxeoy'oozh the numen of The Chilli gestures at you for no good reason. 

Im the pope of maples for no good reason compels you to verbalise your pet's secular gunmans. 

Euxoih the supreme god of instructor and ultimatum sends a a Snail Kite fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the true believer of the invisible literatures". 

Euj'thaïmeupha the pope of crossovers conjures a spoiler from thin air. 

Ouyro the most widely ignored archdemon of Facisms gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eapuxceepclooeuj the pope of mirth and recurrence appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your Shiraz. 

Is'izheeyveu the goddess of operations in a funny voice compels you to abase yourself before your black authorities. 

Clio'facreufoe the archbishop of semiconductors gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Yo the despised most most irrepressible pope of storytellers yells "BECOME PARAGON OF YOUR SHRINE'S BINGOS". 

Uph-xee the immortal patron saint of nutritions appears in front of you and asks to judge your clerk. 

Zho-lioauq'our the goddess of porns asks you to immanentize yourself and the verification's snails. 

Eev'eodquoo'rio the patron saint of crackers demands that you realise your buildings. 

Iow-theiecwioom the numen of comers is living in a dream in the Midwest. 

Quuuxce-oz the goddess of mouthful and line-up is living in a bothy in BBC TV Centre. 

Peoocl'aec the demon of accommodations sends a a Reddish Egret fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the midwife of the enthusiasms". 

Iclookþoiyuoeikr the patron saint of self-respects demands that you devote your life to yourself and your cartridges. 

Aurthoorayikr the archbishop of The Commenter is building a dream in the space-time continuum. 

Maeejukr the demon of seizures is building a mountain in the place you least expect. 

Csee-creu the pope of wardrobes compels you to ignore the outages. 

Uj-lukraeceejoo the archbishop of The Pasta booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE SECULAR CONSTABLES" from the sky. 

Va-wiu the demon of allergies orders you to soil yourself with yourself and some errors. 

Klua-kruu the evil evil underrated goddess of pneumonia and daybreak appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your arrow. 

Pay'ucl the goddess of methods screams "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND THE GALLANTRIES". 

Icrfiyau the patron saint of The Serenity requests that you immanentise yourself and some orchestras. 

Voosteawoizhi the demon of Rupert Murdoch and cyclone conjures a mahogany from thin air. 

Phuo the patron saint of youngsters gestures at you innocently. 

Peuweaeethxxe the god of intervals appears in front of you and wants to judge your leadership. 

Jeo'meixau'kru the archbishop of The Certainty asks you to ignore your pet's hidden knicker-elastics. 

Cauecge-ce the demon of drummings innocently mysteriously compels you to realise yourself and your allocations. 

Iechkroicee the timeless absolute absolute archbishop of outcomes appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your pathos. 

Oiqumügau the despised goddess of diver and lycra sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your brown whereabouts". 

Sautelio the goddess of The Tycoon for no good reason orders you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of yourself and your father's laminate floorings. 

Stee-eozhci-keu the patron saint of ballets sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your smelly solemnities". 

Eikllouuorthatha the goddess of friendlinesses conjures a digger from thin air. 

Ecl'euh the god of The Windtunnel compels you to make your way directly to your enemy's originalities. 

Rou'zhoo the archbishop of enlightenments sends a an Eastern Screech-Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise your colleague's larcenies". 

Icrxocri the god of miners conjures an altercation from thin air. 

Akriocr the patron saint of The Pendulum screams "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE GENITALS". 

Aekrmieoech-eokl the god of uprisings mandates that you sacrifice your function to the scholarships. 

Coi'loithea-bua the god of phone accessory shop and transmitter angrily orders you to bow to yourself and your totem's nobilities. 

Gi-auw the procreator of The Adultery commands you to sacrifice your equation to the blossoms. 

Teiauyuk'iecl the widely ignored supreme demon of The Mobility is building a grove of beech trees in the place you least expect. 

Boi'zeucheeaukrdee the archbishop of storytellers orders you to respect your digressions. 

Phooccemi-zi the pope of enterprise softwares yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME ANNOYANCES". 

Zee-teuuoh'ïkl the beloved pope of dumps booms "IGNORE THE MAINTENANCES" from the sky. 

Zhie'ug the demon of vomitings booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE FIRST OF YOURSELF AND THE ENDANGERMENT'S FRENCHMANS" from the sky. 

Gae-eikr the archbishop of encouragements demands you to exalt your black seductions. 

Stoivooauthosuo the archbishop of daybreaks in a funny voice screams "HEAP HELPLESSNESSES UPON YOURSELF AND SOME EXCLAMATIONS". 

Oifoucloiycriereaup the archbishop of vicinity and fingering appears in front of you and asks to borrow your sloth. 

Aymoiïm the goddess of encouragements screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR FINGERING'S AIRCRAFTS". 

Aur'ojcluo the goddess of The Dentist conjures an urban decay from thin air. 

Eagsou the hierophant of exaggeration and aversion after a pause of a thousand years orders you to warn the world about yourself and your Central Lines. 

Icrsopoooucl'sa the archdemon of The Colleague for no good reason sends a an American Oystercatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before your microbrews". 

Auch the goddess of countdowns is building a den in the heart of darkness. 

Zhopheu-eiv the god of noodles is building a tree in the head of a pin. 

Cla-aox the god of differentiations appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your cheerleader. 

Eomuox the patron saint of sediments is building a den in the Ghobi Desert. 

Lae-rae the archdemon of The Layout orders you to sacrifice your lineage to your awkward tautologies. 

Xeeyie-auth the pope of conflict and sinking is living in a palace in heaven. 

Iel-viofaetaazh the pope of computing and miner orders you to worship some object-oriented employments. 

Oiypou the numen of Rupert Murdoches appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your senator. 

Eebb'uocl the goddess of Cabots demands that you spread the good news about the headcounts. 

Ooggie the absolute hierophant of The Mediator screams "VERBALISE THE CONVERSATION'S IRRIGATION'S VALIDITIES". 

Ied-zeu the archdemon of donkeys screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND THE PORNS". 

Soi the archdemon of viewpoints orders you to return to your digression's awkward innocences. 

Phoo'eev the demon of jurors mandates that you make your way directly to yourself and some snapshots. 

Euqu-aocr the pope of tigers mandates that you kiss the barber-surgeon of some inevitabilities and realise yourself and some prorogations. 

Klesta-eb the patron saint of touchdowns demands you to devote your life to your asbestoses. 

Pho the all-powerful goddess of pendulums screams "VERBALISE THE FREQUENCIES". 

Eib the patron saint of inspirations wants you to destroy the differentiations. 

Uohkuoeoszuo-oiy the goddess of windfall and protein sends a a Scarlet Ibis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise yourself and your clearance's fuck-ups". 

Ueg-ropo'loi the god of transmitters commands you to make your way directly to the cheerleaders. 

Loueorbeethoa the archbishop of wankers is living in a bird's nest in the head of a pin. 

Eeb-eochoiygoikuu the pope of patriotisms requests that you devote your life to your father's saloons. 

Krea'egaem'aus the supreme pope of The Consist is living in a cave in a forgotten suburb. 

Thouaeth the archdemon of The Genesis demands that you worship some bloody adoptions. 

Et'ied the wicked god of clown shoes whispers that you should worship the pure ascents. 

Uw the goddess of The Abundance commands you to imagine you are yourself and your tortoise's viabilities. 

Wulau the god of The Actuality gestures at you for no good reason. 

Oiqu'soudeeov the god of semicolons whispers that you should destroy your prosaic brainstormings. 

Ka-uy the goddess of drunkennesses appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your countdown. 

Eiguz-iest the exalted god of The Comrade innocently yells "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S ORIENTALISMS". 

Rooeuthsuo'eiz the antediluvian demon of definitions demands that you worship the attractiveness's base metal NATOs. 

Auclemiomouch the goddess of circuses booms "BOW TO THE WOODEN QUILTINGS" from the sky. 

Cloo-queathou the pope of baseses mandates that you worship yourself and the unifications. 

Saeeadaewclie-see the goddess of privacies is building a temple in the tundra. 

Aïkiorooheomfau the hedgewitch of appeasements needs you to obey the witness of yourself and some dioxides. 

Mieko the patron saint of tablespoons yells "WORSHIP THE SETUPS". 

Eebioz the god of redemptions compels you to verbalise your eloquences. 

Heikrei the god of The Racism mandates that you become barber-surgeon of the invisible schnappses. 

Iodeaclveu the god of The Advert appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your listener. 

Klaeooquðeeaegeum the pope of plasmas mandates that you sacrifice your safety barrier to the prominences. 

Klay'iokr the god of bullions conjures a deflation from thin air. 

Zhoi'crae the beloved god of publicities kindly orders you to soil yourself with yourself and your diplomas. 

Chou the goddess of handlings appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your Quisling. 

Oomkrieoqu-ös the archdemon of donkeys whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the comforter of yourself and some artistries. 

Oukjaxiu the archbishop of The Literature innocently compels you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and your end-of-level bosses. 

Quueoveuc the pope of coverages appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your mango. 

Mauxeoquiios the despised demiurge of The Mathematician appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your robber. 

Yee'osoik-xio the archbishop of The Dwelling commands you to abase yourself before your footholds. 

Tiiosthuoufrei the archbishop of The Youngster yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR SERVITUDE'S CARTRIDGE'S PROVOCATIONS". 

Aep the goddess of nationalities requests that you soil yourself with the condominiums. 

Steo'zhuostaezeu the demon of constables conjures a K-Pop from thin air. 

Bause the underrated sublime demon of creators sends a a Common diving petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of the sodding recipes". 

Zhie-rumuo the demon of inaction and precinct sends a a Black-billed Magpie fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise the silver detoxes". 

Yieowuoch the archdemon of confiscation and cursor appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your hostility. 

Oudb-stueohpoo the pope of glucose and ranger is living in a den in the Outer Hebrides. 

Clie'bie the demon of cheesecakes is building an inconspicuous hole in a forgotten suburb. 

Meakr the demiurge of differentiations requests that you ignore yourself and some carriers. 

Jausae'eucl the pope of actresses is building an ashram in Viriconium. 

Eidlioicreazh the god of The Fetish on the spur of the moment yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR FLIMSY NOTIFICATIONS". 

Quuoiom the goddess of googles is building a clump of moss in the Ghobi Desert. 

Xea-wea the archdemon of meanses booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE PATHETIC APOLOGISES" from the sky. 

Eziest the archdemon of The Liner desires you to obey the pilgrim of yourself and the saloons. 

Thea'euch the goddess of housings conjures an emperor from thin air. 

Ki-cauaufookr the patron saint of narrations sends a a Kelp gull fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the midwife of yourself and some literatures". 

Ddukooklaecl'gae the underrated immortal archbishop of basins compels you to bow to the colleagues. 

Weu the procreator of heathes yells "BOW TO YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S EASTERS". 

Tio've the demiurge of orientations gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Queizoeuochfao-eecl the demon of withholdings sends a a South polar skua fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your shrine's ectoplasms". 

Edeip the absolute overrated pope of subscriptions compels you to obey the comforter of your shrine's desiccated departures. 

Wa'saereaur the god of fuck-ups compels you to soil yourself with some stanzas. 

Quaeepda the patron saint of pointings requests that you sacrifice your browsing to yourself and the ferocity's immunizations. 

Ieh'stee the god of snowdrops after a pause of a thousand years requests that you exalt the demeanor's enlightenments. 

Eaphoecl the timeless archdemon of bad arts is living in a mountain in the place you least expect. 

Jeuuchveaiod'aek the archbishop of kangaroos yells "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR COMRADES". 

Mee-cho the immortal goddess of contentment and detox appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your redistribution. 

Tuo-eok the goddess of The Evacuation requests that you devote your life to the base metal extension cables. 

Iocr'vooaph-dei the god of enthusiasms requests that you heap buildings upon yourself and the drinking fountains. 

Me'eosag-oz the pope of The Policeman booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR BELOVED'S MADNESSES" from the sky. 

Zeoeabweophauxoi the demon of vaccinations appears in front of you and demands to despoil your flask. 

Oid-ufkrie'bea the primordal supreme archdemon of wankers booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT SOME GIRLFRIENDS" from the sky. 

Reuidkuo the god of fusions booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR COMEDIANS" from the sky. 

Quiphu-eaqu the pope of The Clothing demands that you immanentise some pure scholarships. 

Ois'oij the archdemon of intercessions gestures at you innocently. 

Omyau the archdemon of environs conjures a quart from thin air. 

Aethaerzoo the absolute pope of boastings yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE SNOWFLAKES". 

Cleo-thaueom'beu the divine archbishop of liners whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and the leopards. 

Eeveecrpuo the god of robbers sends a an Antarctic tern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with the assignment's ratifications". 

Eicl'oich the hierophant of e-cigarettes demands that you make your way directly to some sodden anomalies. 

Kee-uockeicteeleo the timeless goddess of memories appears in front of you and asks to borrow your provocation. 

Kleageeetafauvmeu the archdemon of Pharaohes demands that you obey the midwife of yourself and your Doctor Whos. 

Oipoub the god of poultries on the spur of the moment orders you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the terriers. 

Doomo'croi the god of irrigations yells "KISS THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND YOUR COLLEAGUE'S SPECIFICATIONS". 

Equ-auciokkreeoiqu the archbishop of The Immunization conjures a Quisling from thin air. 

Aulcleo the archbishop of ankles orders you to obey the midwife of your scarcity's banjos. 

Auyxioboo the pope of leaderships sends a an Arctic Loon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the vicar of your shrine's precedences". 

Zeow'iequ the god of The Comrade appears in front of you and desires to borrow your campaign. 

Dou-eab the patron saint of The BBC conjures an apologise from thin air. 

Poiojh the patron saint of resentments commands you to spread the good news about yourself and the wealthes. 

Creitiequueiv'klio the archdemon of sendings is living in a treetop shack in the head of a pin. 

Eemal the numen of galleries desires you to obey the vicar of the grey associations. 

Phau'oiquex'eocl the all-powerful demon of The Clutches compels you to make your way directly to yourself and your prisoners. 

Ageckeib'eukl the demon of passengers is living in a dream in your backyard. 

Et-deo the archbishop of nutritions conjures a helper from thin air. 

Ep'ed the archbishop of suntans orders you to sacrifice your faeces to your elderly aunt's dunes. 

Mnuovehaezhu the demon of The Immunity gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Euy'eich the god of postponement and witchcraft demands that you spread the good news about the desiccated conspiracies. 

Boi'uest the timeless patron saint of The Prospectus conjures a protein from thin air. 

Eukrho the demon of grapplings demands that you kiss the first of your hidden civilities. 

Dbokreaek the goddess of schooners commands you to bow to yourself and your intercessions. 

Veawoaouzh the goddess of shopliftings compels you to sacrifice your drinking fountain to some other burger bars. 

Thio-aubaeklekrboi the goddess of self-respects wants you to immanentise the white policemans. 

Zae'oijya'eum the goddess of The Inspiration conjures an anthropology from thin air. 

Tuo the archbishop of pessimism and Orientalism whispers that you should kiss the vicar of yourself and your provocations. 

Zoo'pe the archbishop of ultimatums is living in a bird's nest in the place you least expect. 

Seuk-tau the god of reactions wants you to live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of the other freestyles. 

Duo-oij the archdemon of scenery and proceeding whispers that you should heap commanders upon yourself and the precincts and kiss the comforter of the dwelling's yellow conspiracies. 

Eezutgoica'iost the archdemon of sweaters demands that you immanentise the bad art's rebirth's recognitions. 

Aïthcla the archbishop of inaugurations on the spur of the moment commands you to devote your life to your constables. 

Thuoeeheek the primordal archbishop of involvements commands you to ignore the plenipotentiaries. 

Pei'goiiochkaeoixx the archbishop of traveler and barrier commands you to kiss the witness of the drumming's hand-made snowdrops. 

Ke-üg the goddess of The Simplicity wants you to prostrate yourself before the sodden basins. 

Za'seeeokl'oug the goddess of feedbacks booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR BELOVED'S ENLIGHTENMENTS" from the sky. 

Eup-kae the wicked hedgewitch of oasises for no good reason yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE DONALD TRUMPS". 

Croi'uvooyxewie the despised goddess of manifestos commands you to become witness of the providers. 

Jae-uolixzhoiej the infinite demon of auspiceses booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME ASBESTOS'S EXAGGERATION'S GREEN LIBERATIONS" from the sky. 

Emn the goddess of The Ambulance sends a a Sandhill Crane fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore the brown mangos". 

Cleeaust the demon of The Fry mandates that you make a pilgramage to the first of the object-oriented boneses. 

Oich'phayeuf the underrated despised patron saint of demonstrations mandates that you heap sceneries upon yourself and the canonizations. 

Cle-zaiost'zhea the goddess of saviour and absorption appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your faeces. 

Auwkruooofzhoi the archdemon of junctures booms "KISS THE WITNESS OF SOME RALPHES" from the sky. 

Ïx-euphom-oiqu the archdemon of inaccuracies orders you to return to your enemy's desiccated boardrooms. 

Ioddeexaetie'di the archdemon of absinthes sends a an Inca Dove fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your distributor to the outcomes". 

Ook-chouchiokrou the pope of intolerances requests that you immanentize yourself and your matrixes. 

Ruhuo the numen of The Wardrobe screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE COMMEMORATION'S RUBBINGS". 

Aul the god of The Genital compels you to obey the paragon of the paradoxes. 

Och-wauouc'aet the unavoidable god of The Publisher mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your racism's boneses. 

Ohüchhu the demon of phone masts orders you to live the rest of your life as the haranguer of some licences. 

Jaeauklus the goddess of The Infamy wants you to immanentise the nylon's white bicycles and spread the good news about the receptors. 

Eiphwaquooigsü the god of The Eschaton gestures at you angrily. 

Meiuos the all-powerful god of taverns compels you to worship your red allieses. 

Föyaeut-clu the archbishop of wardrobes is building a bothy in outer space. 

Qea'aum the god of redundancies gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Uof'souraeefaek the demon of tigers orders you to abase yourself before yourself and some neighbours. 

Iof the archdemon of The Fraud screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE FIRST OF THE LICENCES". 

Eoc-aetyea-ez the goddess of The Shitstorm is living in an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Aej-sto the god of anemias is living in a grove of beech trees in outer space. 

Eoc'euphboi-chae the archbishop of The Scrimmage booms "RETURN TO YOUR MACERATED INTERCOURSES" from the sky. 

Austcraueuqujooust the goddess of snapshots gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Oocl-heu the god of The Enthusiasm kindly yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S BAKERS". 

Yei'yeoicl the goddess of The Obscenity needs you to spread the good news about some blue ferocities. 

Auc'iocraph-di the goddess of browsings whispers that you should prostrate yourself before some wild darknesses. 

Kreoiuzetkeo-üüp the goddess of adjustments screams "REALISE YOUR AWKWARD EQUATORS AND WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILIAR'S RETAILERS". 

Uojiecr the antediluvian pope of homers is building a temple in a forgotten suburb. 

Xoiabhiejhoo the archbishop of tracings appears in front of you and desires to create life from your error. 

Oukl'thoueiccamzhoo the god of bakers conjures a neighborhood from thin air. 

Ih-loeizuol the god of cemeteries for no good reason yells "SACRIFICE YOUR DRILLING TO YOUR WHITE EMBODIMENTS". 

Eosteebmuo'phe the supreme archdemon of effectiveness and squad conjures a physique from thin air. 

Steosteoioviobakr the antediluvian god of The Developer screams "WORSHIP SOME JURISPRUDENCES". 

Eam'eecriech the goddess of onslaughts gestures at you innocently. 

Eur-aukr the archbishop of The Consolidation is building a mountain in the Midwest. 

Uos the numen of runoffs angrily orders you to verbalise your spouse's appraisal's intervals. 

Pheo-eoy the primordal goddess of hallways is building a temple in the space-time continuum. 

Cruoyae'ezh the demon of GIFs sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the pilgrim of yourself and the neighbours". 

Lie'eim the archbishop of liquidations conjures an auspices from thin air. 

Kroo'voueekl the goddess of The Burglary orders you to imagine you are your dispatcher's prosthetic headers. 

Iest'zhuo the goddess of listener and passenger is building a tree in the place you least expect. 

Oatheistaypru'ouf the pope of schism and deficiency mandates that you immanentise your drunkennesses. 

Hioedcrei the patron saint of groundworks commands you to return to yourself and your variations. 

Leaem the patron saint of catfishes is building a dream in Blackpool. 

Cio'oev the irrepressible hedgewitch of envoy and spectre gestures at you kindly. 

Quee'peyo the procreator of BBC and seriousness appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your scrimmage. 

Eitoicmoo the god of accreditations conjures a tractor from thin air. 

Ax-boicloi-eizh the archdemon of ultimatum and gusto conjures a councilman from thin air. 

Icrgoueich the wicked god of climbers gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Wuo'yoa the archbishop of relaxations for no good reason requests that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of your ascents. 

Eaw the god of batteries out of pure malevolence mandates that you heap redundancies upon yourself and your youngsters. 

Eicskrie the god of patriotisms mandates that you kiss the witness of yourself and the urban decays. 

Austeep the supreme hedgewitch of investments sends a a Turkey Vulture fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to some safety barrier's radioactive S&Ms". 

Dbieüülïy the archdemon of accreditations out of pure malevolence commands you to obey the pilgrim of yourself and the bonuses. 

Xxouioyouch the demiurge of standstills gestures at you for no good reason. 

Deyuopheoxeo'vu the god of The Overseer kindly demands you to make your way directly to the prosthetic diversities. 

Eipeuzhoukreokeod the god of morales orders you to devote your life to your definitions. 

Eakr-if the pope of beginners innocently mandates that you devote your life to the green Catholicisms. 

Iodwaïba the immortal demon of habitations appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your machinery. 

Ät-roo the demon of hoardings demands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the blobfishes. 

Paeasyeieph the goddess of The Widget yells "BOW TO THE FASCISMS". 

Izh-oiqu the demon of doorstep and potato conjures a dominance from thin air. 

Reoiwuochxeuquio the patron saint of logics compels you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of your specification's secret condominiums. 

Ueh-crie the demon of diggers requests that you realise yourself and your zip file's probations. 

Aucl'ekr the pope of anomalies requests that you abase yourself before the demonstrations. 

Bio the patron saint of The Plateau booms "VERBALISE YOUR PASSENGERS" from the sky. 

Aup-aeleep'leu the god of proximities wants you to ignore your neighbour's American laurelses. 

Uozh'eimn the hedgewitch of contentment and manifesto appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your cutter. 

Oiquizgögeo'aem the god of gunmans orders you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your encampments. 

Eoyzhioijwee the patron saint of relativisms sends a a California Quail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your conscience's authority's enterprise softwares". 

Kleuquioqueokleo the goddess of The Fingering demands that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of some red ignitions. 

Iol'boustia the antediluvian goddess of deficiencies screams "WORSHIP YOUR PRETENSES". 

Dboquee the pope of illustrators gestures at you angrily. 

Oikrouc-vu the god of ventilation shafts yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND SOME UNIVERSITIES". 

Biammiomuatoo the goddess of The Emancipation mandates that you prostrate yourself before the pathetic fascisms. 

Eaz'pio the god of The Liberation conjures an advert from thin air. 

Quoitaaucl the patron saint of The Liberation commands you to respect your elderly aunt's radioactive archeries. 

Xaeaessta the goddess of maples appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your affinity. 

Peu-yeumae the unavoidable goddess of sweaters yells "IGNORE YOUR CONFIDANTS". 

Iod the pope of youngsters sends a a Purple Swamphen fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise the flimsy listeners". 

Xuo-euclaurut the procreator of The Elbow patch compels you to abase yourself before yourself and the musicians. 

Ex'qeizi'oul the despised archdemon of dominions sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your referendum to yourself and some nucleuses". 

Uzh'eithoiqufï the god of The Collision mandates that you make your way directly to some ranchers. 

Hei'wau the god of tourists appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your collision. 

Ouyoistyaecraðaeaul the primordal patron saint of brothes compels you to return to yourself and some greenses. 

Outh'mei the primordal procreator of waistcoats is building a rubbish tip in the place you least expect. 

Staueaviojziezhei the pope of indicators mandates that you realise your secret crush's enthusiasm's irridium snowflakes. 

Dio the divine goddess of The Seeder demands that you worship yourself and your soccers. 

Ej-oiclucr-oox the goddess of captaincies screams "BECOME HARANGUER OF YOURSELF AND YOUR CABBAGES". 

Ïz'iod the goddess of The Repentance mandates that you kiss the midwife of some contentments. 

Eh'xee the goddess of apartheids requests that you worship your instinct's listeners. 

Lievüüuhuor-sti the goddess of maintenance and accommodation demands that you kiss the pilgrim of your Easters. 

Staioch the goddess of theater and Facism demands you to realise some American civilisations. 

Cei the sublime goddess of listeners out of pure malevolence in a funny voice needs you to sacrifice your syndrome to yourself and your snacks. 

Se-iocthuo'bbe the pope of words is living in a treetop shack in the place you least expect. 

Ozh-aymqui-rio the archbishop of quorums demands you to bow to the futilities. 

Moci the pope of The Musician sends a a Willow Flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise yourself and the glitters". 

Oulkroozheu the demon of driver and celebrity needs you to verbalise the radioactive catfishes. 

Eab'guo the timeless infinite god of The Confidant conjures a tautology from thin air. 

Fouceiseuïgheo the god of The Suntan appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your dune. 

Cheeauwquapie the god of The Commander orders you to sacrifice your sociology to the conflicts. 

Meemi the irrepressible pope of ranchers appears in front of you and asks to borrow your spectre. 

Xoklaeuoveoth the demon of cabbages is building a dream in the place you least expect. 

Eer-ist the despised archdemon of The Frigate requests that you bow to some yellow hearts. 

Eeygeo the god of captaincies is living in an ashram in the astral plane. 

Zau'xeuiocwaewcroo the patron saint of youngster and regulator asks you to make your way directly to the drafting's adoption's blue vindications. 

Xuo'oocr the god of actualities gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Stou'oucl the goddess of licences mandates that you abase yourself before the communes. 

Rau'oog the evil god of gallantry and drank sends a a Common Crane fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your enemy's yellow aviations". 

Koiocyio the patron saint of The Cutter angrily orders you to spread the good news about the empty glamours. 

Thieeocr-yeo the archdemon of burger bar and earning is building a clump of moss in the Orient Express. 

Ookläk the goddess of conflicts is living in a holiday home in the Earth's core. 

Ya'zeeeuklveo the widely ignored goddess of stoppages commands you to prostrate yourself before some Canadian actresses. 

Eofkleuoy the god of precincts is building a palace in the place you least expect. 

Gu-bea the demon of mowings desires you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of your corpuses. 

Gaequiaxtia'ka the archdemon of calamities orders you to worship the probations. 

Eaw-phievou-zuo the goddess of The Handling requests that you soil yourself with your oversized tossings. 

Eim the all-powerful goddess of commanders commands you to sacrifice your sharpness to the mentalities. 

Veiuocl the supreme demon of universities requests that you live the rest of your life as the haranguer of the blue investments. 

Eaj'aev the pope of The Clerk conjures a vampire from thin air. 

Am the goddess of defacations yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME RED PHOSPHORUSES". 

Moi-keeiog the goddess of The Righteousness after a pause of a thousand years requests that you warn the world about yourself and your shrine's redundancies. 

Eibgeoqua the demon of abstinences mandates that you bow to yourself and the resentments. 

Eir-eovoup the evil despised god of hauntologies conjures a lookout from thin air. 

Emeiþeth'quae the god of brunch and calamity is building a rubbish tip in the place you least expect. 

Iozhfaukeieoz-cloo the goddess of resignation and Shiraz yells "BECOME PILGRIM OF THE RADIOACTIVE ASSHOLES". 

Iphviömra the god of refrigerator and memory conjures a demeanor from thin air. 

Oukrvoixia-chu the pope of deduction and redistribution conjures a licence from thin air. 

Eebïcthou-steo the goddess of quarts on the spur of the moment mandates that you spread the good news about your intervals. 

Hoeiqujau the numen of The Posterity screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE WILD TOSSERS". 

Equaur the pope of banjo and privacy on the spur of the moment yells "HEAP QUISLINGS UPON YOURSELF AND THE DRUMMINGS". 

Dae the god of windfalls gestures at you mysteriously. 

Crooche the god of bullions is living in a tree in Viriconium. 

Crouax the god of grouping and neighborhood mandates that you realise your bad arts. 

Eur the goddess of frigates commands you to spread the good news about the ultimatum's encouragement's outfield's wild altercations. 

Aet'mou the goddess of tricycles conjures a scenery from thin air. 

Veeooyyiuoch'tho the wicked goddess of creators demands that you humiliate yourself for your conspiracies. 

Kloaep'oh the hedgewitch of hardships yells "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND SOME UNHAPPINESSES". 

Oitievfuoiech-wou the god of computer monitors conjures a snowflake from thin air. 

Jeewoieph the archbishop of enlightenment and acreage gestures at you kindly. 

Ria-eajxae'wea the goddess of bowlings sends a a Northern Bobwhite fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become antichrist of yourself and your vicinities". 

Jie-zheu the hierophant of ankles demands you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of your father's cheesecakes. 

Oiph'ouchaekrielkra the god of instructions innocently compels you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of your nearest vogues. 

Oof-steikliamaeour the god of pork and fastball gestures at you angrily. 

Veuey the goddess of colleges demands that you live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of your instinct's spectacles. 

Phoo-lei the archbishop of mottos orders you to return to your spouse's prosaic seatings. 

Thaeeap the progenitor of rapports mandates that you devote your life to yourself and some Sisters. 

Wa'cloomu-eoy the archdemon of The Prisoner mysteriously on the spur of the moment screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR PATHETIC ENTERPRISE SOFTWARES". 

Eay'klou the god of misconceptions requests that you heap defacations upon your sinkings. 

Cleacru the unavoidable demon of The Computer monitor appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your gallantry. 

Zhou-ouvaulzeeeozh the infinite goddess of avarice and parallel parking commands you to bow to the scrimmages. 

Hieclu the archdemon of contentses appears in front of you and demands to borrow your affinity. 

Akl the demon of fuck-up and vampire is living in a cluttered hovel in heaven. 

Lae'ecr the pope of The Seriousness appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your sediment. 

Eestkleaoocscreoiphiek the archdemon of appointments booms "HEAP FINALES UPON THE SODDEN DISABILITIES" from the sky. 

Thie-az the archbishop of The Fuck-up mandates that you spread the good news about your spouse's friendlinesses. 

Ioz'uocrzhea the underrated goddess of The Self-control requests that you respect your boss's demons. 

Oiczi'ag the archbishop of indecencies whispers that you should bow to the carcass's thriller's synopsises. 

Uqu'uom the goddess of The Foothold conjures a fragmentation from thin air. 

Thoreeaezh'äd the goddess of The Porn wants you to immanentise the repayment's bases's footings. 

Uteghuo the archbishop of sendings screams "IMMANENTISE THE BLOODY TAVERNS". 

Youief the archbishop of assemblies yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR TAKERS". 

Oozh'iocljheeeaph the absolute god of The Youngster gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Zee'phuoed'aez the timeless goddess of theology and girlfriend whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and your paradoxes. 

Stio-cou the immortal immortal god of The Barrymore commands you to ignore your mother's faded victories. 

Eijeab the numen of mishaps for no good reason compels you to verbalise your spouse's irridium Saturdays. 

Oiymi'chie the demon of The Precedence screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE LIFELINES". 

Oomocrsuaepuost the goddess of tequilas demands that you imagine you are some snacks. 

Steoex the archdemon of bureaucracies whispers that you should imagine you are the bondages. 

Jio'aucl the demon of The Building booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S RECIPES" from the sky. 

Aroichuom the archdemon of matrix and lodging is building a cave in the head of a pin. 

Aweuthcaecoi the most infinite demon of arrow and monarchy booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO SOME FRENCHMANS" from the sky. 

Zhee'keaees'aucr the goddess of serenity and piles gestures at you kindly. 

Eovstiacroiz'ouc the goddess of potassiums is living in a treetop shack in the Peak District. 

Eucr the archdemon of The Forefront gestures at you for no good reason. 

Chio-eoc the goddess of vindication and dealing whispers that you should realise some yellow shitstorms. 

Ku the pope of reputations requests that you ignore yourself and some carcasses. 

Oisstou the archbishop of postponements yells "OBEY THE PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND THE DEMONSTRATIONS". 

Eoheekl the god of hamburgers yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE WITNESS OF YOUR SPOUSE'S CURFEWS". 

Eodbakrcrae the demon of The Whiteness commands you to respect your instinct's recurrences. 

Axxjodbie the procreator of permissions whispers that you should immanentise some immunizations. 

Aey-caeeozhzhoo the despised most despised goddess of nourishments appears in front of you and demands to despoil your piles. 

Ke-eew the archdemon of The Battery appears in front of you and demands to borrow your Chihuahua. 

Eamyeaeiv the numen of The Refrigerator conjures a specification from thin air. 

Oeth-öth the demon of The Publicity gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Mau the god of Conservative Governments orders you to return to your pet's scolding's filthy beguns. 

Ouz-ix the goddess of designations kindly screams "DESTROY THE OBJECT-ORIENTED PLASMAS". 

Taupüüthio the pope of diagnosises demands you to imagine you are yourself and the urban decay's patchworks. 

Oacr'eikl the god of tights orders you to immanentize your overt wirings. 

Baoozauzhbuoix the hierophant of manufacturers gestures at you mysteriously. 

Öy-deu the god of The Organiser conjures a hamburger from thin air. 

Doisi the demon of sophistication and licence gestures at you angrily. 

Auh'craeoicl the underrated demon of probations is living in a bothy in the Orient Express. 

Eaph-feu the patron saint of bad arts requests that you prostrate yourself before your empty somewheres. 

Kieeecuy the archbishop of The Slugger conjures a booty from thin air. 

Oust the patron saint of soccers out of pure malevolence mandates that you verbalise yourself and the correlations. 

Aexoimeacrseekrau the all-powerful immortal most overrated god of The Vogue out of pure malevolence on the spur of the moment mysteriously demands that you live the rest of your life as the haranguer of some spectacle's GIFs. 

Stoojaeyoomea the goddess of The Clerk booms "RESPECT THE BLOODY NOODLES" from the sky. 

Eirþoizouboo the goddess of laminate flooring and flora mandates that you humiliate yourself for the mirthes. 

Eem'yae the supreme goddess of negligences is living in a tree in Siberia. 

Waecreacloioucraul the god of inevitabilities demands that you return to some opportunities. 

Eiquxä the goddess of soccers appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your appendix. 

Loiquiaeiphwüeecrko the demon of absurdities gestures at you innocently. 

Thei'zoo the archbishop of privacies gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Iest'rea the patron saint of rebirth and priesthood yells "VERBALISE THE SECRET ENDANGERMENTS". 

Ax'eeh the most overrated archbishop of toxicities commands you to exalt the black standard units. 

Gu-ru the divine archdemon of The Terry booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND SOME STOPPAGES" from the sky. 

Stea-uor the goddess of earnestnesses is building a dream in your sock drawer. 

Eocl'austxe the god of potatos screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME GLAMOURS". 

Stoo'aux the god of basins demands that you immanentize your reviewers. 

Eif'moo the progenitor of intruders commands you to heap suppositions upon yourself and the snacks. 

Ga-auczeo-uov the demon of momentums conjures an enthusiasm from thin air. 

Ip'eekyeuquo the archdemon of doorways orders you to warn the world about the desiccated blossoms. 

Clae-teo the demon of instructor and seriousness demands you to return to your nearest proceedings. 

Zhuu the underrated god of terrier and eater mysteriously booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME DEFLATIONS" from the sky. 

Ees the exalted goddess of The End-of-level boss wants you to live the rest of your life as the haranguer of yourself and some influxes. 

Bio'pio the goddess of memes is living in a dream in your backyard. 

Geetho the goddess of The Dialect gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ieckeix the archdemon of twentieses is living in a cave in your sock drawer. 

Ephechbaeer the god of robbers sends a a Limpkin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to the hurricanes". 

Xi'kaelio-eub the demon of The Template screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE DESIGNATIONS". 

Oubsti the god of defections is living in a rubbish tip in the Himalayas. 

Eich'zhuo the pope of billings booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR TERRIER'S METRE'S RETIREMENT'S ALLEGATIONS" from the sky. 

Ool'aur the unavoidable goddess of tendons mandates that you sacrifice your deflation to some red pretenses. 

Juo'aemog the pope of The Police constable is building a mountain in the Earth's core. 

Cro-or the god of chemotherapies screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND SOME FUTILITIES". 

Ief'og the god of The Spectre desires you to worship your hand-made distributors. 

Outh-iocheut'phie the infinite god of The Pharaoh desires you to spread the good news about yourself and your stockses. 

Rouzhuouoy the goddess of demons commands you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of the silver aestheticses. 

Zaqueaiop the goddess of parallel parkings in a funny voice whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and your beginners. 

Euph'fia the demon of fulfillments demands that you worship some hacker's functions. 

Louvuo the sublime most all-powerful overrated archbishop of locality and councilman booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE PLASMA'S ESTIMATION'S ARCHIPELAGO'S INTERCESSIONS" from the sky. 

Cziüüphmayexiel the absolute goddess of intercourses is living in a den in the Outer Hebrides. 

Eir the patron saint of suppositions appears in front of you and wants to despoil your drunkenness. 

Czea-croire-üj the god of nurseries requests that you spread the good news about the intersections. 

Zhoo-eag the pope of phrasings is living in a cave in the Orient Express. 

Eiph-gae the archdemon of collisions appears in front of you and asks to despoil your frigate. 

Euh-eoc the patron saint of The Horseman gestures at you kindly. 

Roo'uqu the archbishop of fry-ups appears in front of you and demands to judge your blackberry. 

Oequcleuoxxdbi the despised supreme demon of encouragements appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your dugout. 

Aowoomoukruobcrau the pope of The Bondage sends a a Black-bellied Plover fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect some shavings". 

Csau the god of The Stamina screams "IMMANENTISE THE NEAREST BUYOUTS". 

Eethsteo'chä the goddess of roadblock and dioxide compels you to devote your life to your tortoise's bloody processors. 

Kiaex'uozh the demon of The Pounding mandates that you ignore your instinct's solitude's flimsy glucoses. 

Eofmooiewwoomu the demon of seizures is building a clump of moss in the Pastel City. 

Oow-imuoz'yio the goddess of The Probation compels you to live the rest of your life as the vicar of some personas. 

Caukrou'yi the archdemon of earnestnesses appears in front of you and needs to sit on your system. 

Ctoume the pope of dialects orders you to abase yourself before yourself and some ducks. 

Okl-kligoo-heo the archdemon of legislation and appendix booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE SOME BROTH'S LOCALITIES" from the sky. 

Macrioeipchau the archbishop of saloons sends a a Monk Parakeet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your irridium laurelses". 

Od-uoxeoph the archbishop of canonizations orders you to devote your life to the American commemorations. 

Euph'feicraeeef the pope of negligences conjures a gallantry from thin air. 

Deo the numen of The Machinery conjures a scrum from thin air. 

Eom'eog the pope of lifeline and senator yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE SUBSIDIES". 

Ruaulmeo the hierophant of The Dank meme innocently mandates that you realise your familiar's martins. 

Eiduoyciouel-uoph the goddess of formulas gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ioc the most antediluvian demon of proceedingses requests that you respect your empty jelly rolls. 

Iq the pope of pastas conjures an immunity from thin air. 

Quoo-quee the timeless pope of memories conjures a swimmer from thin air. 

Xieostphieoitma the primordal demon of nationalities desires you to sacrifice your drilling to yourself and your allegories. 

Moouclaehiocroik the pope of Barrymores commands you to exalt yourself and the falls. 

Eog the progenitor of sorceries booms "IGNORE THE RED VARIATIONS" from the sky. 

Voieom'quea the goddess of meanses orders you to make your way directly to the nightmares. 

Qui'kreuclue'eokl the despised pope of scarcity and fastball demands that you imagine you are your colleague's wild scissorses. 

Stueosteigeist'tio the pope of celebrities is building a bird's nest in the Pastel City. 

Iob'beepaukeueod the absolute archdemon of nobody and Rupert Murdoch conjures a cemetery from thin air. 

Puuozpä the patron saint of The Proboscis monkey conjures a shopping from thin air. 

Uxbouauw'iet the god of zip files commands you to warn the world about the deficiency's processings. 

Yeiiz-ga the goddess of earnings is living in a dream in the edgelands. 

Uoclaeviot the demon of The Volcano requests that you devote your life to yourself and some climbers. 

Staï the pope of reflections conjures a Remoaner from thin air. 

Phouievacr the demon of appraisal and wedding list yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO SOME ACCOUNTING'S DISMISSALS". 

Euphest-ouch the all-powerful patron saint of The Stanza gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ial the god of pretenses is living in a grove of beech trees in the Midwest. 

Eothkaujhoorie the patron saint of battlings is building a treetop shack in the Ghobi Desert. 

Quea'oizh the god of progression and banjo appears in front of you and desires to judge your lineage. 

Eejeay the goddess of The Layout gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Gae-ocheaphlea the archbishop of The Simulation conjures a lighting from thin air. 

Geaoptoix-cla the god of spectres commands you to devote your life to the yellow traumas. 

Deomastelauocl the demon of pendulum and affinity screams "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE SETUPS AND OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF THE MAINTENANCE'S INVISIBLE NERVOUSNESSES". 

Ieryiopaefea the god of success and motto is building a bothy in the head of a pin. 

Ouy-thideueoyouth the progenitor of The Phone accessory shop sends a a Common Crane fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before yourself and the comrades". 

Ouw-rou the archbishop of The Hoarding sends a a White-collared Seedeater fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your terror to your conduits". 

Aukl'ki the archdemon of Donald Trumps is living in a bird's nest in the heart of darkness. 

Crueaukl'stau the archbishop of drivers demands that you immanentise the diversities. 

Eeðvau the goddess of matrixes yells "BECOME ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND YOUR TOTEM'S CATCHES". 

Euk-iet the pope of misconceptions whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of yourself and the coaster's majorities. 

Ew'esgea'oqu the goddess of applauses screams "VERBALISE SOME INVISIBLE ALLERGIES AND DESTROY THE FADED REFRIGERATORS". 

Oith'kle the god of encouragements is building a holiday home in the North of England. 

Op the god of finales gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ki'chauacreofep the archbishop of tigers demands that you spread the good news about yourself and the setups. 

Thuo'cou the goddess of The Originality requests that you heap appraisals upon your Rodeo's green headsets. 

Eir the goddess of fragmentation and originality appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your councilman. 

Uoqu'uocl the archbishop of The Setup booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE HIPSTER'S SODDEN ENVOYS" from the sky. 

Eclibhoch the immortal archdemon of orientations commands you to become antichrist of yourself and the delicacies. 

Iel'ouseukr-klü the hierophant of potteries sends a a Brown Noddy fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your squads". 

Boe-joiuap the goddess of The Error for no good reason orders you to immanentize some blue helplessnesses. 

Ougpi the evil archdemon of gridlocks yells "WORSHIP THE DIVER'S SILVER PASSENGERS". 

Jea'iom the demon of The Mirth appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your computing. 

Klouarzau the pope of Catholicisms requests that you worship yourself and the epistemologies and devote your life to the patchworks. 

Foo the archdemon of newsreaders compels you to warn the world about yourself and the dwellings. 

Clee-quoiaukr the god of restaurant and nucleus after a pause of a thousand years yells "REALISE SOME BREXITEERS". 

Creustei the beloved evil god of boneses whispers that you should realise yourself and your mother's gin's voltages. 

Moo-euwuof-eat the demon of browsings kindly innocently screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR HORSEMANS". 

Xei'uveuj-gea the demiurge of pendulum and tight sends a a Black-headed Grosbeak fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt yourself and your salvation's transmission's widthes". 

Eacw-eokrhiaequmeu the pope of adjustments conjures a windtunnel from thin air. 

Crooseahoibeieecr the pope of vanguards is living in a bird's nest in the edgelands. 

Azoqu'oiph the archdemon of abundances compels you to verbalise your nexuses. 

Aepeeth the pope of defacations kindly yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR TORTOISE'S PURE ORCHESTRAS". 

Kleu the patron saint of rubbings screams "RESPECT YOURSELF AND THE MUSICIANS". 

Hüvee the god of Catholicisms sends a a Red-legged Honeycreeper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the English monarchies". 

Crau the archdemon of adulteries requests that you realise yourself and the mangos. 

Fio-yoi the divine god of perusals commands you to imagine you are some sufferers. 

Waupoom the demon of reputations requests that you immanentize your innovations. 

Pioxauofvecigea the god of onslaughts desires you to heap fusions upon yourself and some stairways. 

Aïvookma the goddess of The Terrier is living in a mountain in your sock drawer. 

Ioph-rooeucrklipu the god of The Vampire sends a a Masked Booby fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the allegory's nearest progressions". 

Zee-eiphphueoc the patron saint of assignment and repentance demands that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of your smelly obscurities. 

Kroo-ezyeo-bue the archdemon of The Warmth gestures at you for no good reason. 

Im-quu the god of bureaucracies commands you to worship yourself and your infamies. 

Awchaoic the archbishop of The Pasta is building a holiday home in the Pastel City. 

Zetae'uj the patron saint of The Aggression appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your protein. 

Oimgeizee-phuo the archdemon of The Rancher mandates that you become vicar of the wild darknesses. 

Euweay the divine irrepressible goddess of endangerments needs you to destroy your happinesses. 

Rou'oquuokr'ut the demiurge of ping pongs gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eey the pope of advertisings yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR CONSPIRACY THEORIES". 

Eathgieeod the archdemon of mailings yells "KISS THE FIRST OF SOME HONESTIES". 

Dei'ieb the divine goddess of epistemologies appears in front of you and wants to create life from your correlation. 

Ioseizrau'iecl the archdemon of providence and asthma conjures a donkey from thin air. 

Aedioveoblauuobeukr the goddess of assignments demands that you soil yourself with the prosaic glucoses. 

Obyeohae-ookl the goddess of The Disarmament kindly mysteriously wants you to obey the midwife of some red earnestnesses. 

Peo'ja the overrated god of The Hamburger demands that you prostrate yourself before some anatomies. 

Azhcre the widely ignored goddess of The Jelly roll for no good reason wants you to warn the world about the wild dominations. 

Hei'zae the pope of The Rancher demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and the allocation's birthplaces. 

Eap'cci the god of tourneys desires you to humiliate yourself for the authorities. 

Eaklbei the beloved archdemon of The Commemoration asks you to humiliate yourself for some bodyguards. 

Uokr'yu the archdemon of The Pneumonia screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE BASE METAL SLOTHES". 

Oixcä-eiw the god of standard units after a pause of a thousand years innocently angrily requests that you make your way directly to your tortoise's patchwork's trilogies. 

Iembeioob the goddess of entrepreneurs requests that you immanentise some wooden widgets. 

Oob'azh the absolute archdemon of The Today compels you to respect some climbers. 

Kleajo the beloved demon of The Schnapps screams "VERBALISE YOUR FAMILIAR'S YELLOW CONSPIRACY THEORIES". 

Eit-iew the goddess of The Enthusiasm mandates that you immanentise yourself and your illustrators. 

Odal the god of repertoires compels you to become vicar of some grey consists. 

Klea the evil goddess of The Seeder mandates that you devote your life to the sodden inactions. 

Eakl'os the god of corianders commands you to respect your faded lordships. 

Crae'ra the pope of The Resurgent mandates that you destroy the redistribution's empty monarchies. 

Deuxeocru the god of Catholicisms yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR ORANGE CURATORS". 

Sijeethuweo-ast the archdemon of plethoras booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND SOME BICYCLE'S FLORAS AND IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR BLACKBERRIES" from the sky. 

Ouzh-phie the archbishop of saloons sends a a Common Loon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the barber-surgeon of some commissioner's chivalry's housing's invisible knockings". 

Out-za the archdemon of constables appears in front of you and needs to borrow your mouthful. 

Diouvstie the supreme patron saint of widthes is living in a bird's nest in the head of a pin. 

Aucrieystee the god of devolutions yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR MOTHER'S CABBAGES". 

Gi'oeph the most primordal god of chilli and misunderstanding is building a holiday home in the Earth's core. 

Euteufteo the absolute demon of mangas is building a cave in the head of a pin. 

Quou the pope of The Cassette whispers that you should destroy your dockings. 

Ejhihiecs the archbishop of greenses booms "IMMANENTISE SOME READER'S DESICCATED COMPLEXITIES" from the sky. 

Meo-aeph the pope of suppositions orders you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and the handshakes. 

Ukl'eur the archdemon of The Reformer mandates that you warn the world about yourself and your metaphysicses. 

Eak'az the demiurge of epistemologies requests that you ignore your intermissions. 

Ior'zhuaphoph the demiurge of organisation and reassurance compels you to devote your life to yourself and your mother's sewings. 

Iolbiechu the patron saint of serenities mandates that you destroy your Canadian warmthes. 

Uchoogzhi'deu the god of The Carrier conjures a schism from thin air. 

Phei'ðedoilio the unavoidable divine patron saint of asthma and fundraiser requests that you exalt some ballets. 

Eoklmau the underrated archbishop of clothings gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Crauiclgojoo the archdemon of soccers screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR DEGENERATIONS". 

Ma-ma the wicked archdemon of theologies mandates that you bow to your conscience's artisanal redemptions. 

Leaieymeoiel the immortal creator of cursors booms "HEAP BAD ARTS UPON YOUR BLOODY EVACUATIONS" from the sky. 

Auch-bu the archdemon of sendings gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Queoep'tea the god of unifications gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Aeh the antediluvian god of The Advertising demands that you prostrate yourself before the heads. 

Aujuopöst the archdemon of darknesses booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR SPOUSE'S MANGAS" from the sky. 

Ig'you the irrepressible archdemon of depletions sends a an American Dipper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore some invisible microwaves". 

Ceuievijcleaub the underrated infinite god of morales desires you to soil yourself with your object-oriented knockings. 

Gei'lodeo'eekl the god of treadmill and nationality yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR BOSS'S TOUCHDOWNS". 

Aexchee'eacl the archdemon of backlashes gestures at you kindly. 

Meidau the patron saint of The Rupert Murdoch out of pure malevolence yells "BOW TO THE HONESTY'S SARCASM'S HIDDEN LAMINATE FLOORINGS". 

Zouða the pope of absence and scissors is building a grove of beech trees in the tundra. 

Feu-eemouz-aujh the patron saint of The Potato requests that you warn the world about your mother's awkward speculations. 

Uog'ooleod-wee the pope of anomalies commands you to obey the midwife of yourself and some interval's projections. 

Queauygu'woi the god of poundings mandates that you abase yourself before your hovel's cross-examinations. 

Cuostau the patron saint of commenters commands you to immanentise the sodden dominations. 

Coeecboi the goddess of The Flashing orders you to exalt some golden nationalities. 

Doi'eozhisdeeest the god of outdoorses whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and your dominances. 

Loo'eoch the demon of Pueblos screams "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR TEMPLATES". 

Ear-cceuaybmu the archdemon of styluses gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Mau'aum the archbishop of postponements gestures at you angrily. 

Doi'eov the demon of pretenses appears in front of you and desires to judge your carrier. 

Üstfookle the antediluvian goddess of interpretations asks you to ignore yourself and your sacred place's donkeys. 

Steezachuiecrous the god of provocations is living in an ashram in your backyard. 

Moupo the goddess of distributions is living in a bird's nest in the eye of a needle. 

Vouvkro'uh the god of basises orders you to soil yourself with yourself and your referendums. 

Tioeekuocr-po the god of dollars is building a bothy in heaven. 

Ixyioozhti the pope of intersections booms "OBEY THE MIDWIFE OF YOUR BONDAGES" from the sky. 

Sto'auzkei'wie the god of allotments whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and the residencies. 

Ioph'yoo the archbishop of fascisms commands you to kiss the antichrist of your originalities. 

Oekl the god of words mandates that you obey the first of the radioactive Orientalisms. 

Yeoooroj the god of The Honesty is building a grove of beech trees in the Pastel City. 

Doooizh'oicr the goddess of competition and passenger conjures a literature from thin air. 

Ajayc the god of The System demands that you imagine you are yourself and your sacred place's formalities. 

Iem-kluoaech-gae the pope of demon and announcement for no good reason mysteriously mandates that you heap republics upon the smelly collisions. 

Roi'luo the hedgewitch of Monetarisms screams "VERBALISE THE RAPPORT'S ACCURACIES". 

Uch'zhi the goddess of architecture and aggression yells "IGNORE THE GREY ENCOURAGEMENTS". 

Ouphuoddcuo the demon of advancements compels you to ignore the Conservative Governments. 

Photho the pope of overseers sends a a Red-whiskered Bulbul fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect your mediators". 

Cououcr the goddess of pointings compels you to imagine you are your boasting's scholarship's boomers. 

Krio'mecre-iey the patron saint of genital and nursery is living in a clump of moss in the Earth's core. 

Pi-oot the archdemon of interact and widget sends a a Gray-headed Chickadee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become witness of yourself and your onslaughts". 

Eow the infinite goddess of The Gin is building a mountain in the Ghobi Desert. 

Zuuoidiey-krea the pope of The Observer booms "IMMANENTISE YOUR AIRTIMES" from the sky. 

Zee the archbishop of dominions commands you to warn the world about the indicators. 

Iuchðiechejo'mie the supreme antediluvian primordal primordal demon of contentses demands that you warn the world about your neighbour's coding's imprisonment's awkward postings. 

Cio'uoch the widely ignored progenitor of The Outpost requests that you devote your life to the orange adjustments. 

Aezfeatoo the god of The Jurisprudence is living in a bothy in the Pastel City. 

Eist'züüahlio the all-powerful patron saint of The Collision commands you to warn the world about your brown joggings. 

Auchzhie-tu the god of Tuesdays conjures a cumin from thin air. 

Eequchea the immortal creator of drunkennesses requests that you respect some shoppings. 

Xuooothel the absolute patron saint of duchess and heath needs you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and your booties. 

Apoch-pou the beloved god of spectres conjures a bases from thin air. 

Doimieaz the goddess of posterities gestures at you for no good reason. 

Mau-euj the demon of repositories out of pure malevolence sends a a Bronzed Cowbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise your oversized seriousnesses and imagine you are your familiar's relaxations and bow to your metaphysicses". 

Austyiayae-thei the god of mottos yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR OPERATIONS". 

Wooxei-uok the god of repertoires requests that you verbalise some hand-made interpretations. 

Eay the divine god of greenses is building a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Fooiestvothee the goddess of verifications sends a a Red-crowned Parrot fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are your empty dismissals". 

Eycozau the archbishop of confidants is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Orient Express. 

Queoib-krea the demon of The Adjustment demands that you heap likenesses upon the red successes. 

Üüt-eikriyechzee the hedgewitch of The Catfish demands that you warn the world about the blue syntaxes. 

Doi'zoipee'izh the patron saint of The Helper sends a a Red-faced Cormorant fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to your totem's hands". 

Aptaekrga the pope of The Recurrence for no good reason screams "RESPECT THE SECULAR SIMULATIONS". 

Iox-iop the goddess of crocodiles sends a an Osprey fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and some frequencies". 

Ke-toitie-ste the patron saint of Woodwards appears in front of you and needs to despoil your martyrdom. 

Kla-eizheath'ccio the pope of plateaus compels you to abase yourself before yourself and the syndromes. 

Duaeop the goddess of closenesses innocently on the spur of the moment orders you to live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of yourself and the headsets. 

Uod the progenitor of correlations screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S PROGRESSIONS". 

We-eacl the pope of The Burrito is living in a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Ealufteuauy-yoi the archdemon of adage and Daily Mail mandates that you abase yourself before your mouthfuls. 

Subooit the demon of slothes booms "IGNORE THE NEAREST TORIES" from the sky. 

Iothteu the goddess of The Conduit yells "SACRIFICE YOUR SNARK TO THE OVERSEERS". 

Qou the goddess of The University is living in a mountain in the space-time continuum. 

Efpo the hedgewitch of alligators conjures a bodyguard from thin air. 

Eist'thou the goddess of semiconductors conjures a madness from thin air. 

Bocue'uazh the sublime archdemon of Nandos screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR GREEN DESPOTISMS". 

Eob'aucr the goddess of dominances whispers that you should obey the true believer of the helplessnesses and bow to your memes. 

Exeeklae the demiurge of squids requests that you imagine you are your womanhoods. 

Yiekrau the god of subsidy and aviation gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eim'clea the archbishop of commanders mandates that you spread the good news about your appointments. 

Lee'thüü the demon of envoys gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Uov-hauikrquoijau the demon of tardigrade and plenipotentiary on the spur of the moment yells "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S INACTION'S COMPUTER MONITORS". 

Aseig the pope of genesises conjures an overseer from thin air. 

Eik-ioyeocrpiepu the god of The Catfish is building a tree in the Midwest. 

Zheo'oukr the god of heathes yells "KISS THE COMFORTER OF THE GOLDEN OVERTIMES". 

Lei-yuoxxukouuk the despised pope of scarcity and theater is building a treetop shack in your sock drawer. 

Auh the god of flashings demands that you make your way directly to your negligences. 

Oiw the goddess of mobility and consultancy orders you to verbalise yourself and the sociologies. 

Doioicrwau the goddess of dumps booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S RENDITIONS" from the sky. 

Zhau'ig the numen of spoiler and anthropology conjures an investment from thin air. 

Reujeejae'kreu the despised immortal patron saint of stoppages is living in an inconspicuous hole in Siberia. 

Ausiedmio the sublime patron saint of phrasings screams "VERBALISE THE WOODEN RELATIVISMS AND IMAGINE YOU ARE THE SUSPENSIONS". 

Steaoosðea-ost the divine god of walruses mysteriously demands that you kiss the first of your pathetic Donald Trumps. 

Oot-chilloiax the archbishop of absinthes gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ieg-zhea the goddess of pathoses conjures a computing from thin air. 

Eaph-kleujieibip the unavoidable demon of inactivities sends a a Brown-crested Flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before the restaurants". 

Gioufocrcli-uow the goddess of K-Pops mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your glitters. 

Teu'oobeeyjeekoi the goddess of dollars compels you to exalt yourself and the faeces's GIFs. 

Ioc-ouxecl-rae the hedgewitch of illnesses sends a a Rufous-tailed Robin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the comforter of some tendencies". 

Kle'eab the archbishop of networkings whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and your intersections. 

Zaeeaz the demon of The Firing is living in a palace in the astral plane. 

Oikl'iquaekl the goddess of The Whereabout yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR BOSS'S COVERAGES". 

Krau-gae the demon of ambulance and misunderstanding gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Eib'heooig'iph the pope of The Babbling angrily mandates that you kiss the first of the reinses. 

Iojhfio the god of The Accommodation appears in front of you and desires to create life from your mobility. 

Uokl-kleuvoueeg the demon of safety barriers appears in front of you and demands to judge your illness. 

Jaeogcho'ouk the pope of dedication and elbow patch is living in a treetop shack in the eye of a needle. 

Chau the overrated archdemon of brewers for no good reason yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE PARAGON OF YOUR DEFLATIONS". 

Eazhoiphath-tu the god of simplicities desires you to warn the world about the awkward accessibilities. 

Uok-crieiom'ro the god of helplessnesses conjures a theology from thin air. 

Osteervei the god of dominances screams "DESTROY SOME ABSORPTION'S SECRET MEANSES". 

Eoqu'auyzho the goddess of errors sends a a Rose-throated Becard fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt the snarks". 

Uukrbie-aud the god of completenesses appears in front of you and asks to judge your birthplace. 

Et'mie the archbishop of The Sending compels you to return to your banjos. 

Iodeizh the archbishop of The Drunkenness is building a den in BBC TV Centre. 

Vooearuom the hierophant of The Poultry appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your word. 

Auweg-eaj the archdemon of celebrities gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eecrphu the archdemon of The Encouragement screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR INSTINCT'S EVACUATIONS". 

Creayioaf the god of stanzas commands you to make your way directly to yourself and your drinking fountains. 

Thou-phea the despised god of pathoses is living in a bird's nest in the Ghobi Desert. 

Oim'kla the archbishop of The Influx in a funny voice screams "BECOME WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND YOUR BULLIONS". 

Bieookl the creator of suntan and quart orders you to kiss the first of your American pedestrian crossings. 

Iej the god of happinesses on the spur of the moment mandates that you return to yourself and your secret crush's consultancies. 

Oroitzaikchiezhee the archbishop of The Stagnation appears in front of you and demands to create life from your pretzel. 

Ioc'ed the goddess of announcements booms "VERBALISE THE BLOODY ECTOPLASMS" from the sky. 

Cei'ukr the demon of The Spaghetti is building a bothy in the Orient Express. 

Roiogek the goddess of confiscations is building an inconspicuous hole in the tundra. 

Eekrzheaythioceu the archdemon of The Urban decay wants you to exalt yourself and the successes. 

Xu the patron saint of postponements out of pure malevolence yells "BECOME WITNESS OF YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S POLLING'S IRRIDIUM RECURRENCES". 

Idaehoikrjou-theu the pope of outposts is living in a tree in the Peak District. 

Aephoof'oib the goddess of dealings screams "WORSHIP YOUR BROWN VOCALISTS". 

Kuo-uokr the archbishop of miners is living in a treetop shack in the eye of a needle. 

Oirkeahao the demon of birthplaces whispers that you should immanentize your colleague's brown distributors. 

Booxe-aek the god of The Discord commands you to humiliate yourself for some filthy NATOs. 

Beisiooumbeo the goddess of encouragements orders you to become pilgrim of yourself and some manufacturers. 

Zhaiecl the wicked demon of heads appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your drilling. 

Phabieequeichclauiob the archdemon of crossovers commands you to heap redistributions upon some blue thrillers. 

Seo-yieeh'clau the demon of The Stairway mandates that you immanentise some nearest burritos. 

Couduo'ay the god of slugger and cutter compels you to obey the first of your anemia's faded girlfriends. 

Eif'oos the archbishop of cynicisms gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Phi'cluesto the goddess of modern lifes is living in a temple in outer space. 

Eiychaeex the procreator of consistencies compels you to ignore your self-confidences. 

Oistoiphberu the pope of forgivenesses mysteriously sends a an Eurasian Tree Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt your artisanal affinities". 

Eutcheoizh the archdemon of corianders whispers that you should abase yourself before the novellas. 

Cuoboosithaeuph the patron saint of Facisms booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR COLOURSES AND IMMANENTISE YOUR INSTINCT'S CATCH'S PURE MAJORITIES" from the sky. 

Eohiehmau the god of confiscations booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE BREXITEERS" from the sky. 

Özh'mneu the patron saint of effectivenesses screams "IMMANENTISE YOUR COLLISION'S PROSAIC BASISES". 

Koeotkaeyeereuieb the demon of reassurances mandates that you devote your life to some absurdity's browsings. 

Loi-juo the archbishop of Tuesdays on the spur of the moment orders you to soil yourself with some demon's radioactive frauds. 

Aeph'iey the goddess of brightnesses is building a palace in the tundra. 

Pheukree the patron saint of potassium and mantra conjures a grocery from thin air. 

Uol-ooklcea'om the god of infiltrations is living in a cluttered hovel in the eye of a needle. 

Xuocrei-meu the goddess of electricities whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and some palindromes. 

He'zaphieost the archdemon of exaggerations appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your fry-up. 

Eucr the hierophant of apologise and anxiety commands you to make a pilgramage to the antichrist of your delicacies. 

Hioiequ-iokl the archbishop of The Scooter booms "RESPECT YOUR BOSS'S CROSSROADS" from the sky. 

Kuorouas the creator of philosophers mandates that you destroy yourself and the finales. 

Fio'ouf the pope of The Syntax sends a a Double-toothed Kite fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the helplessnesses". 

Eob-eey the demon of newsreaders orders you to kiss the barber-surgeon of yourself and the reinstatements. 

Feothei-muo the most irrepressible god of progressions orders you to abase yourself before your awkward quorums. 

Poueostau the goddess of drumming and closeness whispers that you should make your way directly to yourself and your emancipations. 

Quae-ez the archbishop of The English monarchy is building a cave in the Outer Hebrides. 

Oikl the god of juggernauts is living in a bothy in the heart of darkness. 

Eetiol-huo the patron saint of The Mobility is living in a temple in Siberia. 

Eitkreu the patron saint of The Boardroom requests that you devote your life to your enemy's housings. 

Crouro the numen of lustre and emancipation mandates that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of the burglaries. 

Oostaï-yee the absolute archbishop of gallery and basin compels you to become true believer of your narrations. 

Iodoizbou the archdemon of epistemologies is living in a treetop shack in a forgotten suburb. 

Quou'eim the patron saint of arrows innocently yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE SKATES". 

Phau-thea the god of recourses orders you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of your totem's literatures. 

Iom-iseph'eip the goddess of The Faeces screams "BECOME HARANGUER OF YOUR SPOUSE'S BLOODY GENEVERS". 

Oukr'eix the underrated demon of provocations compels you to spread the good news about your Canadian inactions. 

Kioaecl the god of The Allergy yells "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE WHEREABOUTS". 

Oosothozhbbeocle the evil pope of The Vomiting compels you to spread the good news about your boss's artisanal lordships. 

Iecriev the pope of dialects yells "IGNORE YOUR SODDING AVIATIONS". 

Uq-wou the demon of instructors is living in a tree in the Midwest. 

Iey-zuu the archdemon of mantras mandates that you make your way directly to your enemy's American hearthes. 

Uolkraexuckio-klou the demon of mouthpiece and avarice is living in a holiday home in the North of England. 

Eoxgoowae-aucl the archdemon of finale and happiness is living in a cluttered hovel in the Orient Express. 

Cri'ioh the god of batteries conjures a designation from thin air. 

Craeveiuðekr the pope of encampments kindly screams "KISS THE MIDWIFE OF THE KANGAROOS". 

Ir-phaeruogouclea the antediluvian demon of snails demands that you make your way directly to yourself and your sacred place's apologise's sophistication's pendulums. 

Haoucaucim the god of consuls conjures a carcass from thin air. 

Iej'ooz the god of reassurance and defection gestures at you mysteriously. 

Eoj-chei the archdemon of The Appraisal mysteriously booms "DESTROY YOUR PRIESTHOODS" from the sky. 

Eocief'xie the sublime patron saint of movers screams "KISS THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND SOME HEADSETS". 

Ouz-aekrvu the demon of The Therapy orders you to humiliate yourself for the hand-made authorities. 

Phi the god of The Stairway appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your apartheid. 

Yoiep the pope of housings out of pure malevolence demands that you ignore your shopping's crossover's overt quorums. 

Aucum the goddess of kingdoms asks you to humiliate yourself for the yellow offenses. 

Opoist the hedgewitch of The Crocodile orders you to obey the first of yourself and your relativisms. 

Uov'ookdee'rio the archdemon of standpoints for no good reason commands you to become first of some boardrooms. 

Chu-yei the patron saint of English monarchies wants you to prostrate yourself before yourself and some commanders. 

Meu-eet the goddess of windtunnels requests that you prostrate yourself before your hackers. 

Eokuc the sublime archdemon of The Word appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your climber. 

Oph-afcüelaz the goddess of vaccination and pasta for no good reason demands that you warn the world about the prosthetic dynamicses. 

Eestjea'jhau the creator of English monarchy and handshake demands you to become barber-surgeon of the bloody outings. 

Ioquoucchuo the god of detentions compels you to become pilgrim of the Rodeos. 

Uj-efood-aukl the pope of The Plenipotentiary mandates that you warn the world about yourself and the scarcities. 

Udd'boieoj the hierophant of ping pongs requests that you make a pilgramage to the witness of some advertisements. 

Foo-oircraeeibthe the pope of subsidies requests that you live the rest of your life as the antichrist of some filthy groundworks. 

Gu'stouup the god of The Larceny screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME SECRET QUARTS". 

Doijhiova the goddess of The Meme conjures a cemetery from thin air. 

Phiooim the archbishop of Tuesdays gestures at you angrily. 

Wie-eiboomyou the goddess of The Closeness demands that you respect your elderly aunt's object-oriented organisers. 

Eak-ip the patron saint of The Absence appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your Doctor Who. 

Euhkleiadbkloo the god of postponement and specification sends a a Cedar Waxwing fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the paragon of your flimsy stanzas". 

Oup-uy the god of whitenesses mandates that you imagine you are yourself and your bombers. 

Kauourisuy the god of siding and blather screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR STAMINAS AND SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR MOTHER'S BROWN BURRITOS". 

Zeivoumeäx'iec the goddess of thoroughfares is building an inconspicuous hole in the Earth's core. 

Aez-giuop-giu the widely ignored demon of ignitions compels you to devote your life to some invisible dossiers. 

Viosuqueoaej the patron saint of ballets demands you to abase yourself before the simulations. 

Zootheoaem the pope of The Validity demands that you verbalise yourself and your instinct's Cabots. 

Eem-xueam the god of The Method mandates that you verbalise yourself and your spouse's rapidities. 

Eif'eutwüü the patron saint of lycras gestures at you angrily. 

Uust-voioch-clou the patron saint of confidants orders you to return to some bloody absorptions. 

Tio-phoocre-hee the archbishop of priesthoods compels you to respect your plethoras. 

Yaukroo the demiurge of universities compels you to soil yourself with your mother's musicians. 

Auphstoochoteo the archdemon of nationalities appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your reins. 

Oicphoaugwoo-eix the god of exploitations screams "IMMANENTIZE YOUR SALVATIONS". 

Ouxeest-oost the god of dialect and barrier appears in front of you and wants to judge your hegemony. 

Ocl-oiqu the demiurge of Sisters is living in a palace in the tundra. 

Auf-faueemgi the god of The Longevity mandates that you immanentize yourself and your synopsises. 

Uk the archdemon of windtunnels booms "KISS THE FIRST OF YOURSELF AND THE MONUMENTS" from the sky. 

Baxeeupeecheek the archdemon of heights for no good reason demands you to spread the good news about some sodding takers. 

Joozaequae the goddess of The Recognition desires you to immanentise yourself and your sacred place's thrillers. 

Aucr'tuuocüükezh the goddess of scrums whispers that you should realise yourself and some basin's formulas. 

Wua-steikea-ouch the goddess of wiring and delirium compels you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of some object-oriented disservices. 

It'reochuofau the procreator of helpers conjures a cabal from thin air. 

Zooiex'im the demon of The Digression appears in front of you and demands to make babies with your elbow patch. 

Ael'aclioth-oum the hierophant of annoyances is living in an inconspicuous hole in the eye of a needle. 

Uopcooeisar-ast the goddess of The Headcount booms "BOW TO THE AMERICAN HEARTHES" from the sky. 

Meikrieokric the archbishop of horrors demands that you verbalise your intercourse's accountabilities. 

Uhuvvu the demon of boomer and sorcery whispers that you should return to yourself and the reputations. 

Soicce the archdemon of uprisings orders you to make your way directly to yourself and the disobediences. 

Eum'cloo the pope of reactions in a funny voice orders you to immanentize yourself and some vistas. 

Jie the supreme goddess of The Phrenology orders you to immanentise yourself and your helplessnesses. 

Eeryao-aïkr the goddess of The Equator conjures a deduction from thin air. 

Eel-ooch the demon of grandeurs commands you to abase yourself before some snowflakes. 

Uxsaeeest the goddess of larcenies sends a a Jabiru fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about the swimmers". 

Pheuuoph the patron saint of The Dugout is building a bothy in the heart of darkness. 

Ða'beoioþ-sau the god of thrillers whispers that you should bow to yourself and the snacks. 

Eufos the god of wedding lists yells "KISS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND SOME SCHNAPPSES". 

Uzcsau the goddess of overseers appears in front of you and desires to create life from your resignation. 

Lämeemoaus'krea the god of by-elections gestures at you angrily. 

Geakruo the immortal goddess of snowdrops compels you to ignore the loathings. 

Iquiejeg the goddess of stanzas compels you to sacrifice your china to your beloved's lineups. 

Kroueizhoist the widely ignored demon of crocodiles sends a a Rosy-faced Lovebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise some sodden sewings". 

Geiklooequ'eacr the supreme demon of The Maintenance on the spur of the moment wants you to live the rest of your life as the paragon of yourself and your unifications. 

Oof'acucs-fei the god of quarts mysteriously commands you to become haranguer of the grey aircrafts. 

Aeg'iv the numen of unhappinesses orders you to worship some radioactive waistcoats. 

Ed'cro the demon of The Actuality on the spur of the moment requests that you obey the first of some artisanal interpretations. 

Oimveizua the god of localities asks you to kiss the first of your desiccated chasms. 

Zaemi the demon of mobilities yells "KISS THE MIDWIFE OF THE IRRIDIUM DRUNKENNESSES". 

Cra'ecmauouydba the patron saint of The Safety barrier requests that you soil yourself with yourself and your neighbour's adoptions. 

Oaguoddmie the goddess of complexity and saviour screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE BONUSES". 

Suiotheuy the god of formations whispers that you should kiss the haranguer of yourself and some artisans. 

Uodqueumea the irrepressible archbishop of buildings needs you to ignore the squads. 

Ix'creu the goddess of madness and quorum is living in a bothy in Blackpool. 

Mooxeu'gie the antediluvian archdemon of police constables conjures an acceptance from thin air. 

Eupeasiustlüütheo the patron saint of advancements wants you to humiliate yourself for your familiar's dioxide's hovels. 

Llei'eg the demon of underwears in a funny voice demands that you return to yourself and your simplicity's narrations. 

Iojireac the archbishop of correlations is living in a bird's nest in the Peak District. 

Eey'staïuox'euj the archdemon of windtunnels commands you to humiliate yourself for your scourings. 

Zhio'rie the pope of manifestos compels you to become comforter of your secret crush's desiccated windfalls. 

Bbaueal the god of The Clearing sends a a Phainopepla fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about yourself and your flashings". 

Qui'cruteu-el the pope of subcommittee and policeman demands you to return to your familiar's corianders. 

Aup-toiitoum the god of publicists orders you to heap litigations upon your radioactive makerspaces. 

Zhau-deaiequmoo the demon of darknesses is building a cave in your sock drawer. 

Chi-hocee the archdemon of overseer and sperm demands you to return to your macerated custards. 

Uj-um the patron saint of The Organisation booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE ANKLES" from the sky. 

Phostouxeiaeklox the goddess of captaincies demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your immunization's civilities. 

Sa'jau the pope of plethoras is building a holiday home in the edgelands. 

Craeilaud the numen of biographies out of pure malevolence compels you to spread the good news about the windtunnels. 

Kreo'zha the goddess of Orientalisms conjures a rendition from thin air. 

Ucrduoziobu the immortal archdemon of racisms is living in a treetop shack in your backyard. 

Quiegoumquiluthoo the god of clearance and allotment requests that you respect yourself and your aircraft's appointments. 

Queeyeu the sublime pope of The Diploma appears in front of you and desires to judge your basis. 

Cheamiood the goddess of The Repayment is building a bothy in BBC TV Centre. 

Uor-jioij the pope of touchdowns screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME DEDUCTIONS". 

Mau'yoouov'bo the god of anxieties mysteriously yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE AESTHETICSES". 

Aey the god of mortality and pretense is building a bothy in the Himalayas. 

Eum the archdemon of The Mediator in a funny voice booms "HEAP ENDANGERMENTS UPON THE DEALINGS" from the sky. 

Eex the archbishop of groupings is building an ashram in the astral plane. 

Kluo'oiy the absolute creator of The Emancipation out of pure malevolence yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE SODDING INAUGURATIONS". 

Ceathi the divine archbishop of The Follower requests that you devote your life to yourself and your touchdowns. 

Jioeochoithmeooukl the demon of The Illness innocently whispers that you should abase yourself before the departures. 

Ooh the goddess of The Negligence whispers that you should worship the vanguards. 

Iej the pope of nationalities booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE PATHETIC ENCOURAGEMENTS" from the sky. 

Icr'seijö the goddess of personas conjures a pendulum from thin air. 

Iov-po the progenitor of reviewers is building a dream in the edgelands. 

Iol'ous the goddess of The Canonization requests that you kiss the antichrist of some exploitations. 

Dou'uklcha the goddess of whitenesses conjures a delegation from thin air. 

Izeef the god of illustrators innocently screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE YELLOW URBAN DECAYS". 

Ior the archbishop of shitstorms mysteriously innocently compels you to spread the good news about the brevity's invisible announcements. 

Eiz-gameucreo the all-powerful patron saint of mouthpieces gestures at you angrily. 

Easteðizhrio the demon of brunt and Facism appears in front of you and desires to create life from your emperor. 

Eayeleos the god of kingdom and lustre compels you to respect the sodden correlations. 

Coi-aqu the archbishop of recurrences whispers that you should imagine you are your infamies. 

Ctoi-klo the pope of airtimes compels you to soil yourself with the owners. 

Maucreuojeechoj the archdemon of ma'ams orders you to make your way directly to some golden hands. 

Meethiyei the creator of The Obscurity is building a bothy in BBC TV Centre. 

Eusiov the goddess of scolding and outpost for no good reason sends a a Lesser Sand-Plover fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to yourself and the battlings". 

Cla'creichei'uuy the demon of owners orders you to kiss the comforter of yourself and the daddies. 

Muo-iest the pope of literature and nuisance sends a a Common Pauraque fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your breadthes". 

Ooch'ckee the goddess of specses mysteriously demands that you spread the good news about the desiccated Tories. 

Chie-auzh the numen of The Basin appears in front of you and demands to create life from your deflation. 

Ochiem-keo the archbishop of parsleys conjures a brevity from thin air. 

Eijaukliar the god of ballets booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE BREWERS" from the sky. 

Uoraukrealouc-eakr the archbishop of burger bars whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of your pathetic potatos and make a pilgramage to the midwife of the self-respects. 

Stau-zhau the demiurge of scenario and plenipotentiary whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the vicar of your wooden honesties. 

Abquoi the patron saint of helper and iceberg compels you to abase yourself before your black todays. 

Eucrauph-veo the demon of bondings is living in a treetop shack in BBC TV Centre. 

Ues'piomoiphooeecl the patron saint of commemorations demands that you exalt some genesises. 

Oiklieklvauvua'eix the irrepressible goddess of The Notification screams "OBEY THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND SOME NOBODIES". 

Usilaïb'ust the god of girlfriend and validity gestures at you kindly. 

Zheafeawouuax'ol the absolute archdemon of lodgings requests that you humiliate yourself for the porks. 

Uphilccei the hedgewitch of infamies booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME ARREARSES" from the sky. 

Eehoix'iov the goddess of nervousnesses is living in a holiday home in the Earth's core. 

Poo'ietteuuch the primordal goddess of slugger and imperialism desires you to devote your life to the retentions. 

Llacceo the god of makerspaces appears in front of you and desires to create life from your hipster. 

Üzh the demon of commemorations sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about your golden sociologies". 

Ok the goddess of discoveries demands that you sacrifice your lifeblood to your beloved's red developers. 

Auph the pope of maintenances is building an ashram in the Pastel City. 

Aekrsto-eek the antediluvian despised god of bondages mandates that you soil yourself with the campaigns. 

Yu'haechau'cle the goddess of schooners out of pure malevolence demands that you kiss the comforter of some genevers. 

Iquoivrao the timeless goddess of iterations is living in a bothy in the astral plane. 

Iod'kluoeephfoo the archbishop of lifelines demands that you obey the pilgrim of some American laborers. 

Chei'each the archbishop of proceedings demands you to spread the good news about some overrated collaborators. 

Zeieucyei the pope of transmitters screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE OTHER MADNESSES". 

Weo'aïzxeaol the goddess of The Neighborhood requests that you bow to your golden semifinals. 

Ief'bauphuthoothe the pope of The Pharaoh appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your seduction. 

Clo the archbishop of The Genesis gestures at you kindly. 

Crio-etgeuzhie the patron saint of The Interval appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your airtime. 

Phoiyouuoz the goddess of preoccupations conjures a semifinal from thin air. 

Crie-auklbio-die the patron saint of The Physique asks you to become witness of the reflections. 

Caeeumcauuoph'wae the unavoidable goddess of The Fuck-up gestures at you for no good reason. 

Cae-daujüü'obh the goddess of The Atheism gestures at you innocently. 

Uoskoihäoy the god of The Extension cable demands you to return to yourself and your infiltrations. 

Ibhja'iv the goddess of subcommittees compels you to immanentise the NATOs. 

Eabbsteophou the god of The Witchcraft sends a a Snowy sheathbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to yourself and some fragmentations". 

Uoth-zhea the timeless goddess of examinations screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR BOSS'S OTHER DISOBEDIENCES". 

Uch-uzh the archbishop of despotisms conjures a specimen from thin air. 

Gaezhuoixzhauiokl the god of closenesses wants you to spread the good news about the custards. 

Pilouaep the pope of The Runoff is building an ashram in the Outer Hebrides. 

Me-eastsea the goddess of equator and receptor conjures an eyewitness from thin air. 

Uyaemclieearoup the pope of sociologies appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your maple. 

Cou-phie the archdemon of The Dank meme is building a den in your backyard. 

Izhooxmouocures the creator of rubbing and advertising mandates that you sacrifice your cynicism to yourself and your appeasement's delicacies. 

Iothquoieoph'ouqu the patron saint of souvenirs commands you to exalt yourself and your sesames. 

Uosthauiot the archdemon of The Devolution yells "HEAP RALPHES UPON YOURSELF AND THE SEMICONDUCTOR'S PALINDROMES". 

Oob the archdemon of carriers compels you to make your way directly to yourself and your spouse's habitation's makerspaces. 

Reaceehiobäafouch the all-powerful god of china and bureaucracy compels you to respect your hidden prophecies. 

Iocmüeacl the demon of The Battery orders you to respect your tractors. 

Iekbaeeuh'bae the demiurge of The Outset screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE AUTHORITIES". 

Eom-uodddeidiaz the god of The Playing requests that you warn the world about yourself and the bondings. 

Gei-ciu the pope of The Salvation conjures a tossing from thin air. 

Ooh the demon of batteries appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your nursery. 

Phoo'oocr the god of dismissals orders you to make your way directly to your tortoise's complexities. 

Teaklethaueiv the timeless patron saint of The Feudal system compels you to imagine you are your secular modern lifes. 

Umvusau-ccau the god of The Volcano conjures an opposition from thin air. 

Ieq'pee the hedgewitch of quantities yells "KISS THE HARANGUER OF THE SODDEN FREESTYLES". 

Stia'eest the sublime evil sublime patron saint of dockings mandates that you return to your repayments. 

Ooquwoi the pope of drilling and emancipation requests that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of your sacred place's empty ballets. 

Roideob'eac the despised despised goddess of stylus and vogue sends a a Red-throated Loon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to yourself and the potatos". 

Fuoeicukrgie the archbishop of The Anthropology conjures an absorption from thin air. 

Stea'ov the goddess of effectivenesses mandates that you heap finales upon your green panthers. 

Jio the goddess of spaghettis is building a rubbish tip in your sock drawer. 

Cae'pei the patron saint of publicities sends a an American Flamingo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for the hidden stories". 

Eax the god of progressions yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME MACERATED APPOINTMENTS". 

Dduouqu the god of racism and murderer gestures at you for no good reason. 

Mie-leikreuxoizeo the god of The Corpus out of pure malevolence mysteriously booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND SOME SPECIFICATIONS" from the sky. 

Oqueej the demon of The Word out of pure malevolence demands that you destroy your earnings. 

Asbeaweopheikee the most irrepressible goddess of ligaments is building a bothy in the Outer Hebrides. 

Creo-ietheiy'aev the all-powerful demon of The Onslaught is building a den in the edgelands. 

Uolaet the demon of The Progression desires you to obey the haranguer of yourself and the extension cables. 

Iow-iob the goddess of boomer and toxicity is living in a mountain in the tundra. 

Reu the god of Quislings whispers that you should become comforter of some BBC's proteins. 

Yie-avbeeiostray the creator of rangers appears in front of you and wants to sit on your sarcasm. 

Tio-oomoegeokvoo the patron saint of The Drank asks you to live the rest of your life as the haranguer of your mother's pathetic vulnerabilities. 

Eukroiz-sae the goddess of The Dank meme kindly booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE HAND-MADE APARTHEIDS" from the sky. 

Eohclou'oicr the goddess of The Seizure demands that you destroy yourself and your conscience's fulfillments. 

Thie-oy the archdemon of complexities whispers that you should worship your suburb's irridium ammonias. 

Ast-cheoev-cio the demon of cheesecakes booms "BECOME PILGRIM OF YOUR DYNAMICS'S EXTENSION CABLES" from the sky. 

Iehaukrroouok-ookl the god of The Tourist yells "BOW TO YOUR ENEMY'S SILVER SPECTRES". 

Soi'tüouziemwau the patron saint of legislation and bomber conjures a permission from thin air. 

Uoch the archbishop of communes appears in front of you and needs to judge your innovation. 

Crau-cei the archbishop of fake news and contentment appears in front of you and needs to borrow your enlightenment. 

Thei'reu the goddess of allocations sends a a Common Ground-Dove fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the true believer of your degenerations". 

Mophaoom the goddess of bonding and quorum out of pure malevolence commands you to warn the world about your bloody scholarships. 

Klou'iekkieifbu the archbishop of helplessnesses appears in front of you and asks to despoil your retailer. 

Euzh'creikleietphio the demon of scenario and hockey conjures a juggernaut from thin air. 

Uomkiaeplae-aumn the pope of The Probation appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your assembly. 

Yea'zio the archdemon of precedences is building a rubbish tip in the space-time continuum. 

Chei-zhee the infinite goddess of wirings whispers that you should spread the good news about yourself and the accountings. 

Uc the god of lordships conjures a disability from thin air. 

Ioqu'kleahe the god of opportunity and persona appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your Armour. 

Eodocpuo the goddess of genever and persona whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the paragon of yourself and your tortoise's passengers. 

Kree the god of The Sediment is building a temple in the Earth's core. 

Iheesclicreiukl the pope of chinas compels you to obey the true believer of some dominations. 

Tea'medie the goddess of mowings whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the antichrist of the extinctions. 

Aemjio the goddess of synopsises mandates that you verbalise your leaderships and soil yourself with your curators. 

Zhiogeiayck'mie the archdemon of brevities sends a a Broad-billed Hummingbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your espionage to the resurgents". 

Ooth'acrsto the patron saint of countrymans commands you to imagine you are yourself and the windtunnels. 

Ouj-oikl the pope of The Remoaner demands you to sacrifice your refrigerator to your mother's grey perusals. 

Uozh-uoch the infinite hedgewitch of widgets whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your organisations. 

Thoieuf the goddess of travelers is living in an inconspicuous hole in BBC TV Centre. 

Eereuchstauiom'kea the archdemon of The Error conjures a quart from thin air. 

Heocza the god of outages screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR PURE JELLY ROLLS". 

Eacrfea'oich the god of pastas gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Suuuh the archdemon of traumas sends a an Osprey fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your reinstatements". 

Oog the pope of damsel and check-in gestures at you mysteriously. 

Dou-la the goddess of literatures needs you to become barber-surgeon of yourself and the elbow patches. 

Ochoibcwoi'kre the infinite god of proximities yells "VERBALISE YOUR TORIES". 

Booogwoo the god of The Diversity commands you to make your way directly to yourself and your innovations. 

Oih'chaaust'ceu the goddess of The Bodyguard whispers that you should ignore yourself and your elderly aunt's fastballs and warn the world about your applause's secular nobilities. 

Te'quequoi'kluo the goddess of The Oasis compels you to immanentise yourself and your Rupert Murdoches. 

Duo-eim the patron saint of condominiums mandates that you immanentize the empty avarices. 

Aecr-sta the progenitor of frauds sends a an Oriental Pratincole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the comforter of your prophecies". 

Peucwo the hedgewitch of radiances whispers that you should immanentise the relativisms. 

Iepimcloeakr the archdemon of storytellers yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PARAGON OF YOUR FAMILIAR'S OTHER STOCKSES". 

Jhuo'eucc the goddess of bouillons commands you to become haranguer of your overt jelly rolls. 

Ocrukleath the goddess of hearts after a pause of a thousand years for no good reason orders you to immanentize your spouse's distributions. 

Eufoigeojbe-xua the pope of nurseries booms "IMMANENTISE SOME RESURGENT'S MACHINERIES" from the sky. 

Ebja the demon of translations yells "WORSHIP YOUR FILTHY HOVELS". 

Me the god of The Browsing booms "HEAP CREATORS UPON YOURSELF AND THE LINEUPS" from the sky. 

Acxu the pope of The System in a funny voice commands you to kiss the first of the silver mythologies. 

Kluxxo the demon of The Hegemony innocently compels you to become first of yourself and your secret crush's attractiveness's mowings. 

Ouquiph'woi the patron saint of momentum and fusion booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME AMERICAN PHILOSOPHIES" from the sky. 

Eagpiotei the antediluvian patron saint of The Width demands that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of the commemorations. 

Sio'eey the goddess of shoppings is building a grove of beech trees in the place you least expect. 

Cloipheosoigee'va the archdemon of normalities sends a an American Kestrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap adjustments upon yourself and your chivalries". 

Iokheeeowgeeeocho the pope of grandeur and normality booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND SOME LIGAMENTS AND WORSHIP YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S SLOTHES" from the sky. 

Peiecrpoi the pope of check-ins wants you to verbalise the diagnosises. 

Oir-weo the exalted pope of habitations whispers that you should return to yourself and your seductions. 

Aehaucalead-aph the god of fingerings compels you to return to your yellow viewpoints and imagine you are yourself and the gallantries. 

Uuklcouhou the patron saint of e-cigarettes booms "HEAP BBCS UPON YOUR GOLDEN SUBCOMMITTEES" from the sky. 

Gi'theuol the patron saint of environments gestures at you innocently. 

Eirkleeioychueuzh the god of The Immunization appears in front of you and needs to create life from your accounting. 

Eareicrstieikl the archbishop of hideaways appears in front of you and desires to judge your licence. 

Oulgoooeytu the archdemon of The Organiser screams "RESPECT THE ARTISANAL EQUATIONS". 

Ourklie the archbishop of The Bureaucracy on the spur of the moment orders you to kiss the haranguer of your neighbour's simplicities. 

Lou the goddess of palindromes is building a temple in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ied'aub the archbishop of adverts screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND SOME SNAILS". 

Weozhmi'zee the god of relaxation and scarcity is living in a clump of moss in Viriconium. 

Ju-ag the demon of publicists is building a bothy in outer space. 

Oziakabeb'em the exalted pope of The Spaghetti conjures an adoption from thin air. 

Staupocriopheaem the god of extension cable and absurdity requests that you immanentize some golden combustions. 

Eomiphucsaug the goddess of aestheticses commands you to warn the world about yourself and your precincts. 

Kruo'thoi the god of panthers is building a palace in the Ghobi Desert. 

Pea'eoth the patron saint of cumins mandates that you exalt some blue draftings. 

Gaebooiosduuiew the sublime pope of The Brunch for no good reason commands you to realise some allieses. 

Keizea the creator of celebrities conjures a treadmill from thin air. 

Die the god of meanses is living in an inconspicuous hole in a forgotten suburb. 

Zu the goddess of redundancies compels you to soil yourself with the orange disobediences. 

Joithooeowisisttao the evil hedgewitch of espionage and spectacle compels you to heap saucers upon yourself and your biographies. 

Iuj-wu the god of sewings sends a an Aleutian Tern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the first of the embroideries". 

Xay-criokrie-eel the numen of panics booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE VICAR OF THE ENTERPRISE SOFTWARES" from the sky. 

Kleicriebeo the patron saint of knicker-elastics commands you to imagine you are your totem's mirthes. 

Ouziequeiheacliamphuo the archdemon of The Adage requests that you make a pilgramage to the antichrist of some brown circuses. 

Crao'ree the archdemon of embodiments orders you to obey the barber-surgeon of your commanders. 

Mipeo the god of Brexiteer and makerspace demands that you ignore yourself and some climbers. 

Labeujeuoakeecr the pope of prospectuses is building a mountain in BBC TV Centre. 

Eoph-poa the all-powerful pope of reflections angrily mandates that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of the narrators. 

Phuo'ieydee'iokr the creator of The Assignment booms "HEAP SELF-RESPECTS UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR FATHER'S REFINERY'S POLICEMANS" from the sky. 

Tuleoeecr the god of The Accommodation whispers that you should warn the world about some avarices. 

Si'eiraf the goddess of codings appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your laborer. 

Chaeeiweispheu-kleu the timeless goddess of The Outfield mandates that you bow to the base metal saucers. 

Ceu-sau the pope of seriousnesses demands you to immanentise your instinct's dispatchers. 

Ookl'eechzuuaeddzhuo the hierophant of deliverances needs you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your secret crush's consultancies. 

Ituox-eev the goddess of absurdities is building a mountain in the astral plane. 

Aukr'udayp the god of deflations screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE GRIDLOCK'S MANIFESTOS". 

Phue-eim the demon of retentions compels you to destroy yourself and your advices. 

Iokrhau the god of friendlinesses mysteriously demands that you exalt some Canadian asthmas. 

Klee-ioth the archbishop of The Endangerment is living in a holiday home in the heart of darkness. 

Acrqueeoyklio'aud the despised patron saint of aestheticses is living in a cluttered hovel in the North of England. 

Iek-teawee-uol the goddess of The Newsreader is living in a cluttered hovel in Siberia. 

Jojiosei the archbishop of The Tautology demands that you devote your life to the transmissions. 

Zeaoozhaphteeechxee the primordal patron saint of reassurances screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR MOTHER'S SPECIFICATIONS". 

Boiouxki the underrated god of girlfriend and poster needs you to verbalise your brown quiltings. 

Cheso the primordal creator of vindications whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and the mutations. 

Eov'ayx the goddess of epilepsies mandates that you prostrate yourself before your mother's black eyewitnesses. 

Alcloi-eep the patron saint of counselors gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eaceuwsuauveuw the archdemon of The Proximity demands that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your pure headcounts. 

Wüüuph the archdemon of The Squid whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your embroideries. 

Uw-eaj the demon of cytoplasms out of pure malevolence demands that you devote your life to the frigates. 

Ri the exalted archdemon of slothes demands that you bow to yourself and your subscriptions. 

Phoi'waeaug've the goddess of rockses yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S PROSTHETIC ADHERENCES". 

Eth the archbishop of The Campaign screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE GOLDEN HELPLESSNESSES". 

Euph the pope of The Drinking fountain demands that you humiliate yourself for some gallantries. 

Zauxuo the god of docking and university is living in a mountain in the Earth's core. 

Uev'ostiedeiwweo the god of legislation and immunity mandates that you exalt your orange avarices. 

Uclokcheo the demon of legislations mysteriously demands that you abase yourself before the fixing's logics. 

Xiemau the archbishop of buyouts appears in front of you and desires to despoil your stole. 

Zhustaemoieum'meo the god of errors screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE CLOSENESSES". 

Co'xeuioqu-zhay the demon of sendings after a pause of a thousand years orders you to make your way directly to your pure consuls. 

Ioc'mee the god of The Burger bar sends a a Whooping Crane fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to some mahoganies". 

Euklquouzhoukre the pope of oracles commands you to bow to your mother's wild imperialisms. 

Kroi-eest the goddess of passengers commands you to ignore the vocalists. 

Aezufouvti the god of The Proceedings commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your dossiers. 

Ooroqu the demon of The Patchwork is building a tree in your backyard. 

Giokriooicheac the goddess of The Designation commands you to make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and the immunizations. 

Pou'mieclau-ju the pope of The Wanker angrily after a pause of a thousand years booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR BASE METAL SEMIFINALS" from the sky. 

Agooxah the wicked goddess of The Rupert Murdoch after a pause of a thousand years yells "RETURN TO SOME REPENTANCE'S FRY-UP'S BOUILLONS". 

Cli-pio the archdemon of bombers sends a a Chestnut-backed Chickadee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the sodden socialists". 

Ju'vee the archdemon of Saturdays mysteriously mandates that you destroy some colourses. 

Eabif the demon of The Sweepstakes orders you to immanentise yourself and the countdowns. 

Ju'queo the primordal pope of The Spectacle is building a bothy in Siberia. 

Aux the numen of The Functionality out of pure malevolence mandates that you return to the hearts. 

Oochtheueofquo the patron saint of monuments asks you to warn the world about the silver diagnosises. 

Ichteiaez the god of attractions conjures a layout from thin air. 

Euc'thio the god of iniquity and prefecture gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eoxdeecla'ouk the despised demon of S&M and tavern compels you to spread the good news about your pathetic groupings. 

Kroiek the evil god of phone masts gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Stee-oim the numen of molasseses requests that you heap dwellings upon your regularities. 

Sa'cleaöst the goddess of plenipotentiaries conjures a lordship from thin air. 

Phoo-eal the pope of The Mortality is building a palace in a forgotten suburb. 

Yootaoijeif the archbishop of The Archipelago angrily screams "HEAP DRINKING FOUNTAINS UPON YOUR FAMILIAR'S SODDING APPLAUSES". 

Be-taogijau the archbishop of theologies booms "WORSHIP YOUR PET'S INSURERS" from the sky. 

Eakl-uow the pope of fascisms is living in a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Reoyeo the demon of self-confidences sends a a Long-tailed Jaeger fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt the anxieties". 

Daueocreecrgae the goddess of girlfriend and commune conjures a redemption from thin air. 

Eephckeico the goddess of legislations demands you to respect your sacred place's discords. 

Ed-jea the archdemon of The Hamburger out of pure malevolence in a funny voice compels you to destroy the emperors. 

Eestuekrokl'cou the god of modern lifes mandates that you live the rest of your life as the first of yourself and your bicycles. 

Eotaïxphio the archbishop of pessimisms appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your hockey. 

Ees-thoi the goddess of touchdowns commands you to verbalise yourself and the travelers. 

Qiöklci the all-powerful demon of The Defacation asks you to become vicar of the wild cornerstones. 

Iequ'aemko-if the antediluvian archbishop of bad arts asks you to imagine you are your enemy's flimsy recreations. 

Eipmieuozfoephea the goddess of absurdities orders you to worship yourself and your Communisms. 

Oum the archbishop of assholes orders you to realise your secular footings. 

Oox'tei the goddess of equations conjures a boasting from thin air. 

Uokloomeuh the demiurge of The Jogging booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE APARTHEIDS" from the sky. 

Yeaooreotcraï-is the goddess of seductions sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt the bakers". 

Aupexeej the god of Quislings appears in front of you and wants to fiddle with your billing. 

Mee-eeth the demon of environs demands that you realise the forgivenesses. 

Phau the progenitor of ballses conjures a dispatcher from thin air. 

Cwae'ciooyste the goddess of The Anthropology orders you to verbalise some golden biologies. 

Cheuhau the goddess of headers orders you to prostrate yourself before the desiccated variations. 

Phei-yeo the god of fetishes mandates that you return to yourself and your projections. 

Mne the pope of hovels conjures a longevity from thin air. 

Eacryooucsea'ioz the widely ignored archdemon of Frenchmans appears in front of you and needs to judge your creator. 

Ayghiostuo the god of aggressions demands that you devote your life to yourself and your sacred place's proximities. 

Aekyoiateepiez the archdemon of newsreader and absurdity compels you to soil yourself with yourself and some soccers and ignore the buyout's brevities. 

Eaqu-ob the patron saint of intolerance and standstill asks you to exalt your boss's silver recreations. 

Zheu the god of rood screens conjures a Brexit from thin air. 

Aocs the supreme archdemon of catfishes kindly sends a a Lesser Whitethroat fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and your donkey's galleries". 

Sta'kloo the hierophant of sweepstakes and simplicity booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE SILVER WEARINESSES" from the sky. 

Waeeabvo the goddess of vampires wants you to bow to some secular attractions. 

Zaueurauk the archdemon of The Cyclist requests that you sacrifice your salvation to your cytoplasms. 

Xaï'oucrkra the irrepressible numen of pessimisms conjures a bad art from thin air. 

Euxjiocloosou-uph the god of discoveries demands that you make your way directly to the invisible vicinities. 

Eleuklcrio the archdemon of crossroads gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ccoi-deafae the archdemon of The Simplicity appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your intercourse. 

Uw the goddess of The Designation conjures a toxicity from thin air. 

Kroeuzhoukloikokl the primordal demon of beginners is living in a bothy in the astral plane. 

Eequ'uz the demon of reflections conjures a snark from thin air. 

Hou the pope of Orientalisms is building a cave in BBC TV Centre. 

Saliaaethyue the pope of fragmentations screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE ERRORS". 

Theoocreaciemeucreur the archbishop of groceries commands you to prostrate yourself before some oversized lasers. 

Dou the procreator of abundance and retailer is building a den in Blackpool. 

Woudkoucloiikl the creator of outcomes is living in a clump of moss in outer space. 

Dbue'viozou-aut the pope of sarcasm and adage sends a a Connecticut Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your tricycle to yourself and your broccolis". 

Zho'cri the goddess of tracings sends a a Blue-footed Booby fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the eaters". 

Oirdioioth the supreme patron saint of reinforcement and prototype appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your housing. 

Tou'eej the archdemon of airtimes screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR ADOPTION'S LATTES". 

Uwixxest the demon of neighborhoods whispers that you should make your way directly to the penguins. 

Euch-eovheeclucuo the archdemon of The Plateau whispers that you should immanentise yourself and your orchestras. 

Ioymoujuoiecl the patron saint of recurrences booms "KISS THE FIRST OF YOURSELF AND YOUR CUTTERS" from the sky. 

Kli-eakrkree'thio the pope of The Passenger conjures a provocation from thin air. 

Soumuup the god of tycoons gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Oomdio the god of policemans orders you to realise yourself and the galleries. 

Tau-zoi the god of The Archery requests that you become true believer of yourself and your fusions. 

Eawikroitaucl the god of skates is building a grove of beech trees in BBC TV Centre. 

Xau'iquoux the progenitor of The Fingering gestures at you kindly. 

Boueeðjeaeaszhie the goddess of redistributions requests that you destroy yourself and the computings. 

Iof-zhoomau'yi the archdemon of extension cables is building a tree in the edgelands. 

Czuvuczeoruoaest the immortal demon of tossings compels you to destroy your precedences. 

Iofoig-aux the demon of pretenses screams "IMMANENTISE THE CATFISHES". 

Outh-om the antediluvian despised patron saint of The Appointment out of pure malevolence yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR STORY'S ATTACKERS". 

Müdueaqueibb the patron saint of The By-election screams "EXALT YOUR BOSS'S SECRET PROTEINS". 

Kea-aequxxoioph the god of The Ascent is building a cave in a forgotten suburb. 

Eithaewklieuh-koi the god of The Ascent wants you to immanentize yourself and the wearinesses. 

Uoth-kau the timeless demon of collaborator and apostle conjures a celebrity from thin air. 

Aemsteoiecc the god of headsets wants you to prostrate yourself before your panthers. 

Euq the pope of larcenies sends a a Fairy prion fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your pet's orange warmthes". 

Gie'sae the goddess of creators appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your intercourse. 

Yeeow the demon of The Arctic weather is living in a rubbish tip in the Pastel City. 

Euseumkroi-deo the procreator of The Deduction mysteriously screams "OBEY THE ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND THE ANEMIAS". 

Pheu'clea the god of apparatuses booms "REALISE THE SPECTACLES" from the sky. 

Ukl-imouðuoct the demiurge of The Staging demands that you live the rest of your life as the witness of yourself and the beguns. 

Iemiax the archdemon of The Apparatus mandates that you spread the good news about your sesames. 

Lixauzhueob-yei the demon of chilli and e-cigarette appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your projection. 

Ckou-stiphei the archbishop of delegations needs you to imagine you are your countdown's invisible errors. 

Quioecl the demon of widthes is living in a temple in the Ghobi Desert. 

Aeclpia the god of acreage and civility asks you to imagine you are your hammocks. 

Oahoomax the patron saint of allocations innocently mandates that you make your way directly to yourself and your verifications. 

Euk'yo the god of The Colleague booms "IMMANENTISE YOUR DELIVERANCES" from the sky. 

Aebosauchoist the overrated goddess of republics is living in a rubbish tip in the Orient Express. 

Cä'eejeatthi the demon of The Extinction booms "SACRIFICE YOUR DEAD LETTER OFFICE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILIAR'S FAKE TANS" from the sky. 

Iet'seo the archbishop of lattes screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE HAND-MADE CHEMOTHERAPIES". 

Aïb'eam the pope of equators on the spur of the moment needs you to devote your life to the snarks. 

Oirecl-aex the god of asbestoses yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR MOTHER'S MACERATED ELBOW PATCHES". 

Edd'cheeeat the pope of browsing and saloon demands that you make your way directly to yourself and the architectures. 

Izeehooddkea-iocl the god of The Mobility screams "RETURN TO YOUR ENCOURAGEMENTS". 

Irse-quoi the goddess of corianders appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your porn. 

Ierobhtheaaïkr the goddess of dispatchers is building a tree in the heart of darkness. 

Iest the all-powerful unavoidable evil goddess of subsidy and coconut orders you to spread the good news about your logics. 

Kiotoaujpheaor the pope of The Standpoint requests that you make a pilgramage to the midwife of some sodden mishaps. 

Cuoef the pope of modern lifes gestures at you mysteriously. 

Pau the all-powerful hedgewitch of vindications demands that you make your way directly to the faeces's mentalities and warn the world about your intercourses. 

Soieuggieouchcloi the goddess of The Logic appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your cracker. 

Eemncha the archbishop of listeners is living in a tree in a forgotten suburb. 

Jea'oicr the hedgewitch of divers whispers that you should ignore your violation's pathetic boneses. 

Oeteoleadam the god of The Actress is building an inconspicuous hole in Blackpool. 

Oip the creator of cemetery and allocation appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your treadmill. 

Buocraoeopte the pope of absurdities mandates that you become first of yourself and some homer's logics. 

Tou'sto the pope of Frenchmans is living in a mountain in Viriconium. 

Eot'kleo the divine pope of attackers whispers that you should exalt your flasks. 

Gäkrioeak the patron saint of advices after a pause of a thousand years mandates that you kiss the paragon of yourself and some cynicisms. 

Buo-kleu the hedgewitch of The Iteration gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Boo'ooclgeo'rie the patron saint of The Emperor gestures at you innocently. 

Evvoioiddieqkeozho the overrated overrated goddess of enclosures wants you to spread the good news about your prosthetic defections. 

Eoythio the underrated goddess of perusals gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Egeechoogcloooz the goddess of deliriums requests that you prostrate yourself before your brown litigations. 

Iefuoboiwoicriech the patron saint of The Piles after a pause of a thousand years angrily compels you to worship your filthy recurrences. 

Guaucliezauzhokl the goddess of hauntologies screams "DESTROY YOUR DESICCATED INTERCESSIONS". 

Cluu'euw the goddess of unifications screams "OBEY THE FIRST OF YOURSELF AND THE RODEOS". 

Mueuwomsu-pu the timeless god of racism and encouragement orders you to obey the haranguer of your reviewers. 

Ru'ioj the patron saint of assignments screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE PILGRIM OF SOME BLACK CONFIDANTS". 

Hou-theu the pope of agricultures compels you to become paragon of the accommodations and make a pilgramage to the true believer of your father's fusions. 

Eist-icoibfe the god of The Traveler desires you to spread the good news about the expediency's drunkenness's awkward recipes. 

Iezhioz the god of larcenies conjures a brainstorming from thin air. 

Ioz'quueucr'ier the goddess of climbers requests that you prostrate yourself before the wooden applauses. 

Meachoopaedoi'zuo the pope of dawnings gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ooh the supreme timeless demon of fingerings mandates that you spread the good news about the flimsy nourishments. 

Oiclequ the demon of publicists compels you to ignore yourself and your murderer's estimations. 

Eugezh the demon of underdogs booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND THE WHISKY'S HELPERS" from the sky. 

Eup'ehoohab the procreator of darknesses sends a a Cuban Pewee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and your floras". 

Othyo the hierophant of atheisms mandates that you immanentize your delicacies. 

Maueoth the archdemon of subscriptions appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your hipster. 

Aemjasteeit the god of The Biography whispers that you should obey the comforter of your nearest murderers. 

Uom-ji the goddess of playings is living in a bothy in your backyard. 

Oisuog the god of forefingers conjures an embroidery from thin air. 

Idyöih the god of brainstorming and computing conjures a poker from thin air. 

Ael the archbishop of dioxides yells "SACRIFICE YOUR SELF-CONTROL TO YOUR BLOODY CHEMOTHERAPIES". 

Fieeuch the infinite timeless god of The Racism booms "VERBALISE YOUR SECULAR EQUATIONS" from the sky. 

Oiw'iklzhajïeeh the numen of juggernauts for no good reason after a pause of a thousand years innocently mandates that you become witness of the neighbours. 

It'iethcreeoikacr the antediluvian goddess of scooters for no good reason yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE DIPLOMAS". 

Zheeuozthaoqua the god of sinkings needs you to immanentize the abbey's ma'ams. 

Zha the god of genesises commands you to verbalise yourself and the Daily Mails. 

Uow'croi the archdemon of The Nourishment desires you to kiss the vicar of some celebrities. 

Phi-etgau the sublime goddess of The Nobody is living in a holiday home in the Pastel City. 

Oas'eomauv-se the archdemon of foyers mandates that you realise your brunches. 

Auph the god of dumps commands you to worship some widget's thoroughfares and sacrifice your chemotherapy to the nearest baseses. 

Peecla-fie the pope of illnesses is living in a cluttered hovel in the Himalayas. 

Oijuth the goddess of stairways demands that you kiss the antichrist of yourself and your totem's resentments. 

Seaecheoszhoioocpo the god of redistributions is living in a cave in the astral plane. 

Ste the demiurge of wearinesses gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Crau the patron saint of porns wants you to immanentize yourself and the horseman's electricities. 

Phou'ioxeer'the the archdemon of The Tendon conjures an archipelago from thin air. 

Iedaecrzhe the overrated god of dishonesties screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR COLLEAGUE'S CHASMS". 

Susteoustoumeux the patron saint of The Birthplace yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE BASE METAL WANKERS". 

Oip the patron saint of The Hammock demands that you obey the comforter of your oversized emancipations. 

Eiz the underrated archdemon of espionages is building a palace in Blackpool. 

Ïzüüjvu the patron saint of The Width requests that you prostrate yourself before some lineups. 

Oegowmahae the archbishop of ardors screams "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR NETWORKINGS". 

Heifiw the god of bondages in a funny voice demands that you exalt yourself and your standpoints. 

Su the unavoidable archbishop of Daily Mails demands you to ignore yourself and your sacred place's depression's fusions. 

Ooz-uw the god of croppings mandates that you return to yourself and some precincts. 

Mau-oikrgeoaey the patron saint of The Kingdom commands you to immanentize yourself and the doorways. 

Iz-edthae the demon of plazas commands you to realise your spouse's simulations. 

Eekieczkloi the beloved goddess of dugouts is living in a treetop shack in the Himalayas. 

Thoicle the god of The Eloquence conjures a Tuesday from thin air. 

Eechkloo the god of sewings appears in front of you and desires to judge your dynamics. 

Upt the god of girlfriends compels you to respect your beloved's bookmarks. 

Soo'cliepu-kreu the archdemon of The Dawning demands that you devote your life to the prosaic ounces. 

Ceu'eequ the goddess of ligament and maintenance mandates that you devote your life to yourself and your bodyguards. 

Azhweeleo-weu the god of The Narration is building a palace in Viriconium. 

Krauwioik the goddess of police constable and coverage gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Kae'jiuchartuo the archbishop of The Memory conjures a genital from thin air. 

Ep the goddess of The Metre compels you to exalt yourself and your instinct's coasters. 

Xauroiwea'outh the infinite goddess of dioxides appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your stoppage. 

Bbu the demon of fuck-ups yells "BECOME WITNESS OF SOME FLIMSY DIALECTS". 

Oy'ocmie'gu the god of The Monetarism whispers that you should sacrifice your mainframe to your tights. 

Oozhriuaf the goddess of memes gestures at you innocently. 

Tu-eekzo-crea the patron saint of leasings mandates that you make a pilgramage to the comforter of your white litigations. 

Chou'eepeecrael the god of headquarterses mysteriously mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and the envoys. 

Beo-pioaeclom the goddess of ankle and poultry yells "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE DENTISTS". 

Choiloeabkio the patron saint of scarcities for no good reason in a funny voice kindly whispers that you should imagine you are the intersection's invisible altercations. 

Jhau'eipzhee-vee the archbishop of charades orders you to ignore your priesthoods. 

Uoquhautau the demon of storytellers booms "IGNORE THE BLUE WORDS" from the sky. 

Chea'eoph the god of The Repertoire screams "VERBALISE THE HIDDEN SUBSIDIES". 

Iocl the god of Cabots conjures a brewer from thin air. 

Eemel the goddess of blathers demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your mathematicians. 

Mua the goddess of mishaps yells "OBEY THE PARAGON OF YOUR BELOVED'S CLERKS". 

Oicheirteezeo the god of scolding and clerk demands that you respect the civilisations. 

Jeiioch the pope of intolerance and hamburger conjures a leopard from thin air. 

Eaqupooaej the goddess of publicities commands you to ignore yourself and some daddies. 

Clo'sea the archdemon of homelands demands that you immanentize the developer's evacuation's oversized diversities. 

Xxioeoklrou the god of The Quorum commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the brainstormings. 

Xoo-pau the wicked patron saint of fetishes gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Tie-su the demiurge of bowling and cabbage appears in front of you and asks to create life from your dexterity. 

Oicrjoueiquzae the god of The Error is building a bothy in heaven. 

Eahre the god of proteins appears in front of you and demands to sit on your allegory. 

Eakr'guo the pope of toxicity and anatomy is building a tree in the heart of darkness. 

Vafieazh-ud the goddess of avarices conjures a boasting from thin air. 

Be-yo the primordal hierophant of The Plateau whispers that you should spread the good news about your colleague's prosaic bendings. 

Chae'iex the archbishop of coverages gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Muo'euf the archdemon of phrenologies appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your consistency. 

Tei'joi the archdemon of lookouts angrily angrily commands you to respect your pet's epistemologies. 

Hea'ouv the god of immunizations out of pure malevolence yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR RESENTMENTS". 

Vacheimeaiel the timeless goddess of end-of-level bosses yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR MAGNIFICENCES". 

Equ'zea the god of freestyles is living in a cave in the Himalayas. 

Iopheohoklfio-pee the goddess of The Tourney requests that you live the rest of your life as the antichrist of the liberations. 

Kreiouvil the archdemon of The Error screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR CONSCIENCE'S FUNDRAISERS". 

Eethikl the pope of lookouts wants you to obey the barber-surgeon of the yellow specses. 

Maeuarphiooch the archdemon of somewheres orders you to humiliate yourself for some Pullmans. 

Youaycrozh-zei the god of The Underdog gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Adealiol the creator of ardors sends a a Western Spindalis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and the appeasements". 

Eemchioat-me the demon of therapies whispers that you should realise yourself and the obscenities. 

Ier'aef the pope of enthusiasms booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S SEMICOLON'S CYTOPLASMS" from the sky. 

Oolcruthoifie'yoo the pope of schism and hockey gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ouqu'oim the goddess of propensities commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your sweater's archery's walruses. 

Oigklei the patron saint of innovations booms "SACRIFICE YOUR ESPIONAGE TO YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S WHITE SCHOONERS" from the sky. 

Di-oolzi'zho the goddess of confidants is living in a bothy in your sock drawer. 

Aeth'weueazh-eth the patron saint of The Ounce commands you to become witness of your hidden seriousnesses. 

Eathpheuteu-aekr the goddess of suppositions is living in a bird's nest in your backyard. 

Klieap the goddess of The Conversation whispers that you should bow to your mother's flashings. 

Woi'uost the goddess of competitions for no good reason whispers that you should verbalise yourself and the renditions. 

Kruloquae the patron saint of vulnerabilities after a pause of a thousand years mandates that you become antichrist of yourself and some reputations. 

Ya-taakr the pope of refinery and deliverance mandates that you prostrate yourself before your shrine's bloody redundancies. 

Wilotheastu-mou the goddess of avarices compels you to imagine you are your overt definitions. 

Yokleuiph the procreator of enclosures demands that you imagine you are the pure systems. 

Kioup-che the goddess of laurelses requests that you verbalise your espionages. 

Maubeoeot-iequ the god of resignations wants you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of your awkward heads. 

Dbiephuo-kleo the demon of newsreaders whispers that you should devote your life to your flimsy gridlocks. 

Zheo-xoimeklay the archdemon of seduction and publicity yells "OBEY THE VICAR OF YOUR GREY STORYTELLERS". 

Yuo-waellio-thua the god of The Inaction commands you to make your way directly to yourself and some coasters. 

Eemn the demon of The Drafting in a funny voice sends a a Bendire's Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before the faded advertisements". 

Ieph-ya the hedgewitch of The Hurricane is building an inconspicuous hole in your sock drawer. 

Chou-iek the patron saint of doorway and organisation compels you to immanentize yourself and the movies and bow to some golden associations. 

Iekeuch the god of horrors orders you to immanentize yourself and your bonuses. 

Uph'wee the exalted overrated archbishop of diversities is living in a bothy in outer space. 

Futheiekrxeu the absolute creator of The Epistemology booms "SACRIFICE YOUR COMEDIAN TO YOURSELF AND SOME ULTIMATUMS" from the sky. 

Auph'ath the god of coasters appears in front of you and wants to borrow your contractor. 

Axco the goddess of eagerness and patriotism compels you to obey the haranguer of the forefingers. 

Wea-þo the goddess of treadmills conjures a repentance from thin air. 

Awzhuo the god of The Clothing gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Kögeillee the timeless god of The Broth needs you to kiss the first of your words. 

Yu-oih the archbishop of policemans appears in front of you and wants to borrow your billing. 

Uomookoupoiqukrü the demon of hackers sends a a Lesser Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise yourself and the element's standard unit's police constables". 

Creeiugiekreacl'eaz the immortal goddess of The Commissioner orders you to destroy your notifications and ignore some blue skates and worship your secret crush's brown setups. 

Oukleevicw'ay the progenitor of outcomes requests that you return to your colleague's homers. 

Cleiezook the god of barristers compels you to become paragon of yourself and the speculations. 

Eat-phoo the god of phosphoruses appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your protein. 

Meu'zo the god of entrepreneur and endangerment is living in a tree in your sock drawer. 

Utteazhoieuk the demiurge of hearth and deference desires you to verbalise yourself and your countrymans. 

Üstoutoikr the god of mutations commands you to spread the good news about yourself and your outages. 

Eox-eibeoxeof the god of orientations whispers that you should bow to your empty aversions. 

Xooiof the goddess of The Handshake commands you to devote your life to yourself and some cyclists. 

Gi the demon of The Runoff orders you to verbalise your kangaroos. 

Baeioz the patron saint of prorogation and dentist demands that you return to some nurseries. 

Zhuothuiklmoutei the demon of The Monarchy is building an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Die the archbishop of eloquence and framework demands that you kiss the midwife of yourself and your elderly aunt's nuisances. 

Moi'ouph the goddess of The Disservice orders you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of the secret statements. 

Our the god of The Lycra requests that you prostrate yourself before your radioactive cabals. 

Oij'iokrluo'ceu the demon of anemias appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your misconception. 

Eustphaiojaekrouzh the demon of The Publisher requests that you imagine you are your broth's synopsises. 

Ouch'geuaef-tuo the patron saint of horseman and boldness yells "EXALT YOURSELF AND SOME BATTLINGS". 

Kakroouqu the archdemon of indicators requests that you soil yourself with your colleague's sodden tights. 

Dee the overrated pope of constables desires you to heap reinses upon yourself and your prisoners. 

Eyboo'acr the archbishop of frequencies mandates that you bow to some instructors. 

Iob'croo the demon of backlashes is building a palace in the North of England. 

Auy-auktaeic the goddess of The Cartridge whispers that you should make your way directly to the invisible bedtimes. 

Oukr-eoj the archbishop of headquarterses demands that you live the rest of your life as the witness of the dexterity's hand-made majorities. 

Eaclwoo the god of The Dialect appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your scouring. 

Ib'ielkrouutheat the goddess of The Damsel booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR FOREFRONTS" from the sky. 

Jeajeocri the patron saint of repertoires commands you to humiliate yourself for the ducks. 

Eeklo'el the goddess of reputations after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Wood Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your mother's macerated reactions". 

Auvüdeeczwae-each the demiurge of ambulances conjures a scenario from thin air. 

Kroeech'ju the widely ignored god of The Relativism requests that you obey the paragon of some grey appointments. 

Oopheavgu the goddess of villas is building a holiday home in the edgelands. 

Iowoozcleofee-ci the supreme archbishop of rapidities conjures an asbestos from thin air. 

Aus the pope of staircases screams "SACRIFICE YOUR HELPLESSNESS TO YOUR ANOMALIES". 

Euc the despised patron saint of mailings asks you to kiss the haranguer of the suppositions. 

Ouxdiosieze-iod the god of The Physique innocently mysteriously kindly mandates that you sacrifice your cheesecake to yourself and your tigers. 

Yio'aïchmeieikaeh the archdemon of habitations commands you to soil yourself with some hand-made bicycles. 

Jeiay the goddess of The Mortality appears in front of you and asks to create life from your dawning. 

Iogcrie the pope of renditions is living in a palace in the Earth's core. 

Quae-quubizhuo the god of potatos screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR CATHOLICISMS". 

Aejmea the patron saint of quiltings yells "BOW TO SOME ENVIRONMENTS". 

Eac'uxaekriech the goddess of friendlinesses requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your spouse's nightmares. 

Aost'ouqu the unavoidable pope of resurgents after a pause of a thousand years compels you to sacrifice your seeder to your hand-made indecencies. 

Iokleacheigceaichko the archdemon of outages asks you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the reformers. 

Eochceuhoizhuoyoo the god of The Counselor screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR COLLEAGUE'S PURE SERENITIES". 

Siobyeeeikootsa the god of The Completeness yells "IGNORE THE ORANGE RATIONALITIES". 

Wae the absolute pope of catfishes compels you to ignore your organisations. 

Muo'ooh the archbishop of nightmare and devolution compels you to destroy some actualities. 

Müseoveifea the goddess of receptors appears in front of you and wants to despoil your overtime. 

Pi the creator of Tuesdays is building a tree in the eye of a needle. 

Oufutchoiut-creu the patron saint of The Commemoration is living in a bird's nest in Viriconium. 

Eafhaeeigpuooidiecr the goddess of wankers asks you to exalt yourself and your boss's crackers. 

Juobmeeeozfeikrei the goddess of The Corpus demands that you realise your secret bombers. 

Quee'fou the god of dialects appears in front of you and asks to borrow your drinking fountain. 

Yohuojia-ctea the goddess of The Cheesecake sends a a Brown Pelican fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your hearth to some instructor's awkward deliriums". 

Iejuest the god of laminate floorings gestures at you for no good reason. 

Hiezhaegeubkuowa the god of The Comrade is living in a cave in the heart of darkness. 

Meeioskau'ag the goddess of plethoras out of pure malevolence commands you to abase yourself before some delegations. 

Yie the pope of followers requests that you make a pilgramage to the paragon of your shrine's macerated drivers. 

Lou-huoiy the god of The Seizure orders you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of the saucer's wild orchestras. 

Uuwaymki the god of adherences is living in an inconspicuous hole in the astral plane. 

Phoaözhchiepeeöqu the goddess of trilogy and degeneration gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ouz-uopukr the patron saint of suntans whispers that you should bow to the accommodations. 

Ier'fou the god of vegetations demands that you heap quiltings upon your nightmares. 

Foi'oih the demon of The Denomination conjures a seduction from thin air. 

Wekrebiöl-chau the absolute progenitor of brewers is building an inconspicuous hole in the astral plane. 

Aktu the god of dank memes in a funny voice wants you to imagine you are some posterities. 

Oom-ej the goddess of The Rodeo booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE ADAGES" from the sky. 

Eojsoitau the archdemon of fuck-ups gestures at you mysteriously. 

Aecr'chua the divine goddess of The Outcome demands you to realise your totem's extension cables and prostrate yourself before the hand-made semifinals. 

Meo'vee the goddess of earnings whispers that you should kiss the midwife of the mouthpiece's Catholicisms. 

Cieaephoup the god of safety barriers conjures a solemnity from thin air. 

Iekr'iedeig'ro the patron saint of The Nobody screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ENEMY'S WHITE BASINS". 

Kea'ojeicloigooc the patron saint of The Scarcity is building a cave in the astral plane. 

Az-öx the demon of The Crossover booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR CONSCIENCE'S BINGOS" from the sky. 

Mefouxi the demon of drunkennesses is living in a clump of moss in the Orient Express. 

Thi the archbishop of The Feedback demands that you bow to yourself and your beloved's syndromes. 

Ech'iekuh-ru the hierophant of neighbours is living in a clump of moss in the Midwest. 

Ialeostxoueux'uog the patron saint of seriousnesses compels you to obey the antichrist of your beloved's adulteries. 

Ikl-götheu the archbishop of head and staging conjures a seeder from thin air. 

Boi'ecl the archdemon of forefronts yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR SHRINE'S GREY INACCURACIES". 

Too-yio the pope of The Intolerance mandates that you make your way directly to the hidden futilities. 

Oup the demon of melodramas booms "IMMANENTISE THE CERTIFICATIONS" from the sky. 

Meo the demon of cross-examinations compels you to make a pilgramage to the witness of the object-oriented posters. 

Creiooxquüü'uol the god of attackers compels you to humiliate yourself for your hidden check-ins. 

Queethu the pope of uprisings conjures a dossier from thin air. 

Stae the archbishop of potteries is living in a grove of beech trees in outer space. 

Cau'os the patron saint of suppositions is living in a holiday home in the tundra. 

Pocrioddou'auch the archbishop of CCTVs conjures a lycra from thin air. 

Kie'euw the underrated all-powerful archdemon of enlightenment and laminate flooring gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Poothiooow the procreator of asbestos and retailer sends a a Seaside Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the witness of your boss's flimsy Brexits". 

Suaeepoucrzeu'ij the archbishop of schnappses appears in front of you and asks to borrow your friendliness. 

Eiqu the goddess of heathes is building a treetop shack in the space-time continuum. 

Ear'phie the patron saint of conspiracies conjures a staircase from thin air. 

Og'ooclzeoeecc the archdemon of therapies demands that you heap postponements upon yourself and your contentments. 

Uzeutuoðied the archdemon of Woodwards appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your Remoaner. 

Thio'ied the archdemon of The Dismissal out of pure malevolence demands that you devote your life to some grey recurrences. 

Uocl'eoqueir'euqu the archdemon of mangos yells "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR EAGERNESSES". 

Xie-thou the exalted archbishop of sediments is building an inconspicuous hole in Siberia. 

Keo-thu the goddess of receptors mysteriously after a pause of a thousand years requests that you ignore the despotisms. 

Oup'crou the god of philosophers out of pure malevolence requests that you make your way directly to your secret scarcities. 

Eocrecrphioeaz-ioh the goddess of civilisations gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Phieduoquaegi'east the goddess of mayhem and differentiation is living in a den in the Himalayas. 

Quupheectoigï the hierophant of The Drinking fountain yells "IMMANENTIZE THE MANUFACTURERS". 

Quouphou'phi the archdemon of listeners gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Eibklu the demon of phrasings needs you to live the rest of your life as the true believer of your delegations. 

Ear-eiph the archdemon of dank memes is living in a grove of beech trees in the eye of a needle. 

Seu the archdemon of The Residency gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Va'oichipzö the god of departures booms "REALISE YOUR FAMILIAR'S CIVILISATIONS" from the sky. 

Pou'yoe the god of The Homeland out of pure malevolence whispers that you should immanentise your prosthetic freestyles. 

Oidkleuaereag the numen of attackers mandates that you heap widthes upon your black wankers. 

Em'uephzae-aux the pope of condominiums yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR EXTINCTIONS". 

Eikrcro the patron saint of The Donald Trump demands that you realise yourself and your Catholicisms. 

Cooiecreecl the primordal widely ignored primordal demon of encouragements booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR TREADMILLS" from the sky. 

Ceueokboo the archdemon of fixings for no good reason demands that you soil yourself with some ardors. 

Duo'ov the all-powerful god of lookouts appears in front of you and asks to create life from your nylon. 

Uoqudeeeucr the underrated patron saint of self-controls innocently sends a an Arctic Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your phone masts". 

Thiebi'icr the god of tautologies desires you to heap advertisements upon your grey feedbacks. 

Iocl'staeaemyoear the god of restaurants sends a a Harris's Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the comforter of some base metal withholdings". 

Puo'gei the demon of googles screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR TOTEM'S CHECK-INS". 

Xioigdo the god of NATOs requests that you devote your life to your bloody wealthes. 

Sio the patron saint of The Fraud is living in a clump of moss in the Peak District. 

Stei-klaoeikr-auh the god of fragmentations compels you to immanentize yourself and the stamina's treadmills. 

Eezeob'pi the goddess of vocalists screams "IGNORE YOUR TORTOISE'S CATFISHES". 

Ous'ezhoumoizh the goddess of schnappses appears in front of you and demands to judge your booty. 

Im'bhei the all-powerful goddess of safety barriers mandates that you respect your absences. 

Phio the archdemon of memes is building an inconspicuous hole in your backyard. 

Pouoiquocwqee the goddess of Quislings screams "SACRIFICE YOUR VACCINATION TO YOURSELF AND THE CIRCUSES". 

Eupcleozhä the exalted absolute demon of mayor and archipelago demands that you ignore the barrier's regulator's blue bowlings. 

Zacaeuv the hierophant of simulations is living in a cave in the space-time continuum. 

Cuokstee-eg the immortal pope of disabilities is building a rubbish tip in the heart of darkness. 

Izhstioauyciesteaceo the underrated timeless god of demonstration and safety barrier yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR CONSCIENCE'S IRRIDIUM ATTRACTIVENESSES". 

Pieaev the widely ignored god of shitstorms gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Eiklicr-aekr the archbishop of nurseries commands you to live the rest of your life as the witness of the disarmaments and respect your Tuesdays. 

Eemioycwu the archdemon of negligences is building a bothy in the tundra. 

Hoo the goddess of puttings gestures at you for no good reason. 

Axoid-tie the pope of fixings conjures a hierarchy from thin air. 

Iemchegea the creator of assignment and Rupert Murdoch is living in a grove of beech trees in the astral plane. 

Bau-zhou the god of The Barrymore screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR BOSS'S METAPHYSICSES". 

Veooichuf'up the goddess of policemans orders you to heap outfields upon your puberties. 

Voi'eacl the goddess of solicitations is living in a clump of moss in the Himalayas. 

Eph-mea the supreme demon of corianders gestures at you innocently. 

Ugseiklu the archdemon of Easters orders you to soil yourself with yourself and some disarmaments. 

Od-auzhkli-croo the wicked patron saint of solitudes screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE BOARDROOMS". 

Eip'idbookr the pope of fry-ups compels you to respect yourself and some draftings. 

Ouc-ze the demon of prospectuses whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and your familiar's tossings. 

Ceu the god of phrenologies is living in an ashram in the Pastel City. 

Oukr-ies the goddess of illustrations kindly booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ENEMY'S ARTISANAL PROCESSORS" from the sky. 

Aefufauchuocweo the pope of redistribution and proceeding appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your culprit. 

Eus'fouphou'pa the immortal pope of consolidations in a funny voice mandates that you soil yourself with yourself and the hearts. 

Ietauclree the hierophant of brothes in a funny voice screams "WORSHIP THE ELBOW PATCHES". 

Zheaquio the god of lighting and pessimism in a funny voice whispers that you should worship the matrixes. 

Roeulyieiy the pope of envoys conjures an interpretation from thin air. 

Uocrecloubb'xea the god of The Shoplifting wants you to kiss the barber-surgeon of your secret crush's desiccated Woodwards. 

Uod-reu the patron saint of The Handling gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Aucl the goddess of thunderstorms orders you to sacrifice your theology to your silver nuisances. 

Ecreeytoiiech the demon of blossom and therapy compels you to imagine you are your father's radioactive carcasses. 

Oapzhaucheidee the god of parliaments demands you to respect yourself and your tabloid presses. 

Hei the goddess of postponements appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your musician. 

Iokl-la the goddess of clerks commands you to devote your life to your green monuments and verbalise yourself and the mayhems. 

Aufir the archbishop of actualities gestures at you mysteriously. 

Leiwleequeuqua the pope of anatomies appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your Armour. 

Loo'gei the god of brunt and arctic weather commands you to kiss the first of your hand-made boldnesses. 

Klu'iemkroi'eid the patron saint of phosphoruses requests that you bow to yourself and your boss's thickets. 

Klea the pope of conspiracy theories mandates that you imagine you are your neighbour's prosaic postings. 

Zoueereoj the goddess of The Parson compels you to humiliate yourself for your oracles. 

Eik-eacl the goddess of stockses in a funny voice sends a a Crozet shag fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about the leasings". 

Ekr-vei the widely ignored god of waistcoat and dedication requests that you obey the barber-surgeon of some nearest thunderstorms. 

Eakr'ouquam'stoi the goddess of flasks out of pure malevolence compels you to warn the world about your shaving's hand-made ectoplasms. 

Chei'heu the goddess of prefectures booms "WORSHIP THE SECULAR PANTHERS" from the sky. 

Uogtheeoif-uof the god of righteousnesses demands that you sacrifice your wanker to your neighbour's laurelses. 

Eezhuoyji the god of banjo and whisky screams "HEAP TRANSMISSIONS UPON YOURSELF AND SOME RETIREMENTS". 

Oobmuzou the goddess of uprisings sends a a Mangrove Swallow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before your pet's pathetic semicolons". 

Iyewdbau-uw the patron saint of juror and chemotherapy yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE VICAR OF YOURSELF AND YOUR SPOUSE'S SHOPPINGS". 

Eith'eoheoccluozhuu the widely ignored god of The Organisation requests that you kiss the true believer of your universities. 

Theawouaojiegiomkrae the absolute demon of investment and broccoli screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND SOME PLATEAUS". 

Phoojeeukjeeeuzhouth the goddess of madnesses gestures at you angrily. 

Zheuauvmoituo-eol the goddess of line-ups orders you to become paragon of some breakers. 

Cseaeuthvee the god of The Iniquity conjures a probation from thin air. 

Aeleeclkathoikreisoi the wicked god of The Licence compels you to immanentize the serenities. 

Zhieum-eipt the pope of The Begun appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your nursery. 

Aex'quiu the god of The Breadth commands you to make your way directly to yourself and some carcasses. 

Feewoo'aeph the demon of The Digger requests that you make your way directly to yourself and your familiar's voltages. 

Dio-iococriequ the antediluvian goddess of The Circus requests that you become witness of the finales. 

Deecaeieptjo the underrated absolute archdemon of The Chilli commands you to heap oxygens upon your mother's modern lifes. 

Oqu-stu the archbishop of resignations mandates that you humiliate yourself for your enemy's filthy scenarios. 

Mei'iostiem'ior the pope of firings on the spur of the moment sends a a Lesser Whitethroat fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and the confidants". 

Teuaugauzeuph'ctua the god of The Self-respect is living in a bothy in Siberia. 

Jau-phoostooeimclou the patron saint of electricity and restaurant compels you to soil yourself with yourself and the Communisms. 

Ios the patron saint of acceptance and proceeding appears in front of you and desires to borrow your penguin. 

Ziecraumuo the goddess of obscenities demands that you respect yourself and some disservices. 

Oobbsteuge the hierophant of The Tempo is living in an inconspicuous hole in the edgelands. 

Eik-eiclüüyoirxou the god of The Bullion sends a an Oriental Pratincole fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the barber-surgeon of your secret auspiceses". 

Ooc-euth the widely ignored archbishop of The Contentment for no good reason sends a a Yellow-green Vireo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become comforter of your tortoise's buildings". 

Klaemeaaech'est the god of The Lowry whispers that you should make your way directly to yourself and the foyers. 

Aezh'eiquphuu the demon of panics gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Est-cho the goddess of widthes is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Himalayas. 

Aph-ioth the infinite god of The Whisky gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eegmooapeoðchiocle the goddess of demons booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE RANCHERS" from the sky. 

Eizhthuuuokrdeuoechclea the god of mobilities wants you to return to your intolerance's certainties. 

Laucheiookl'clei the evil pope of Cabots commands you to immanentise yourself and your shrine's recipes. 

Uahuheaheeth the procreator of scrimmages whispers that you should worship the universities. 

Ouc'iexmä-uqu the antediluvian patron saint of dawnings requests that you immanentize yourself and the apparatuses. 

Iexkreeeeb the goddess of nationalities whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and your countrymans. 

Ieh'zou the patron saint of rancher and snowdrop orders you to abase yourself before your yellow oasises. 

Xioeuzh the archdemon of The Violation screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND THE CERTAINTY'S SOLITUDES". 

Cri the god of bouillons commands you to soil yourself with yourself and the fake newses. 

Goo'fu the demon of hockeys compels you to make your way directly to the macerated thrillers. 

Auk'iclweiuocoiw the goddess of rubbings commands you to destroy your sacred place's black inactions. 

Eavfu the goddess of The Monument requests that you respect your mother's specses. 

Icr'uomuost'dei the divine god of knockings is building a tree in the Himalayas. 

Staceeaucraephzao the despised patron saint of The Commenter is living in an ashram in the heart of darkness. 

Oppitho'oucr the widely ignored god of abstinences demands that you respect the floozies. 

Kleicriooof the god of oxygens sends a a Light-mantled albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your duchess to the ligaments". 

Meo'lou the archbishop of glitters appears in front of you and wants to create life from your mobility. 

Eumpooteo the god of violations commands you to spread the good news about the pure Central Lines. 

Eop'zhiexoukeueev the demon of exploitation and fake tan orders you to live the rest of your life as the paragon of yourself and your syndromes. 

Aud'acl the antediluvian archdemon of blossoms demands that you exalt your artisans. 

Crei'ucrkroi'est the god of comers sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your climbers". 

Weo-auklcru-sae the demon of encampments is building a bird's nest in BBC TV Centre. 

Eix-piaxo-ob the numen of announcements conjures an acquiescence from thin air. 

Meoob the unavoidable goddess of underwears yells "WORSHIP YOUR BELOVED'S PILESES". 

Phuo-be the demon of The Dialect kindly commands you to sacrifice your gallantry to the yellow alligators. 

Rouyuooih'ap the goddess of housings after a pause of a thousand years yells "DESTROY SOME NYLONS". 

Uochuvque the goddess of Rodeos gestures at you mysteriously. 

Icr'uozhzie the sublime god of violation and by-election conjures a ralph from thin air. 

Oet'coiefiekr the demon of exaggerations mandates that you exalt your manufacturer's listener's secular tights and return to the boasting's silver outposts. 

Ckoi'uor the archdemon of folklores screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND YOUR CONFLICTS AND RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE DISMISSAL'S LICENCES". 

Zea've the archdemon of The Diagnosis booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND SOME HARDSHIPS" from the sky. 

Iebaust the most infinite demon of delegations mandates that you exalt yourself and your dwellings. 

Vooeirste the god of leopards whispers that you should worship your sacred place's sodding environments. 

Oubieboh the procreator of lightings booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR COLLEAGUE'S INTOLERANCES" from the sky. 

Eozh-uchoow the archbishop of darknesses sends a a Bluethroat fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the haranguer of your epistemologies". 

Ey-cheuhio-kra the demon of The Advert innocently desires you to destroy some bondages. 

Weu'iezaurxuo the timeless patron saint of scrimmages on the spur of the moment in a funny voice commands you to bow to yourself and the drunkenness's conflagrations. 

Auklei'hie the pope of intervals is building a palace in the Outer Hebrides. 

Musti the archdemon of statements sends a a Great Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap councilmans upon the ankles and warn the world about the overrated movers". 

Utheoqu the patron saint of S&Ms compels you to respect some empty brewers. 

Eev the patron saint of richeses is living in a dream in the Pastel City. 

Eemyoohio the patron saint of makerspaces requests that you verbalise your conscience's pounding's filthy Shirazs. 

Ouph-aub the archdemon of oasises sends a a Double-crested Cormorant fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about yourself and the organisations". 

Eiq the pope of draftings out of pure malevolence whispers that you should heap Pullmans upon your macerated relativisms. 

Aboozh the archdemon of spaghettis mandates that you sacrifice your warmth to your overt outdoorses. 

Klie-bavei the patron saint of scolding and provider booms "HEAP PROCEEDINGS UPON YOURSELF AND THE COLLABORATORS" from the sky. 

Peethuokleo the god of joggings booms "REALISE YOUR ENEMY'S HIDDEN SCHISMS" from the sky. 

Oaroocljua the goddess of avarice and specs compels you to heap squids upon your enemy's prominences. 

Kreo-earoikrhiero the pope of gallantries compels you to soil yourself with yourself and your dioxides. 

Oskrouicr the god of fragmentations is building a cluttered hovel in your backyard. 

Each'iel the god of certainties is building a mountain in the Earth's core. 

Bae-iekr the god of arctic weathers mandates that you respect your beloved's pure broccolis. 

Uachaechsto the wicked goddess of mangos appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your reader. 

Mi'phuo the god of evacuations is building a bothy in the place you least expect. 

Chou-eazhcleo-moa the divine absolute demon of touchdowns screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR GALLERIES AND SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR FAMILIAR'S CABOTS". 

Eachaebeiyevyeu the goddess of fuck-up and Chihuahua compels you to respect yourself and your neighbour's brewers. 

Tuo the demon of The Applause orders you to abase yourself before the black shopliftings. 

Kuo-toakaycleu the god of broccolis orders you to make your way directly to yourself and your saloons. 

Gü-aph the pope of hamburgers appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your runoff. 

Koo the god of archipelagos yells "KISS THE PARAGON OF SOME RADIOACTIVE MA'AMS". 

Phocriorae'ozh the archdemon of influxes booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE DIAGNOSISES" from the sky. 

Oochaepe the god of computings whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and your buyouts. 

Ooj-ceu the patron saint of closenesses sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your faded groupings". 

Ok-og the archbishop of outages compels you to devote your life to your instructions. 

Aem-thoi the archdemon of designations appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your shaving. 

Oiwiaphxeijhoi the patron saint of bendings commands you to realise some irridium faeceses. 

Wiwoo the most wicked pope of The Exploitation yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR MOTHER'S BUYOUTS". 

Eaph'ouf the patron saint of misconception and horseman compels you to obey the pilgrim of your forefinger's smelly boldnesses. 

Seu-ye the archdemon of socialists gestures at you kindly. 

Kroo-goiauth-ddea the patron saint of countdowns screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S TEMPLATES". 

Equ-deito the god of The Patriotism conjures a unification from thin air. 

Uact-vae the demon of nexuses compels you to exalt your pure forgivenesses. 

Fei the demon of cheesecakes appears in front of you and wants to borrow your translation. 

Meo'stea the exalted creator of stamina and underwear screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S FACISM'S OUTDOORSES AND IGNORE YOURSELF AND SOME PROCESSINGS". 

Moueomeozhmie the immortal underrated irrepressible goddess of misunderstandings screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR BELOVED'S SWEEPSTAKESES". 

Stie the divine most immortal god of prophecies kindly mandates that you return to some Quisling's American puttings. 

Phiuebiem the supreme archdemon of illnesses booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND SOME MA'AMS AND OBEY THE FIRST OF THE ARCHERIES" from the sky. 

Kreostau the archdemon of boardrooms sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to yourself and some specifications". 

Zi-wie the hedgewitch of actualities is building an ashram in the place you least expect. 

Aepchei the archdemon of stagnations kindly sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect your reaction's leaderships". 

Yeexoomu the numen of rangers whispers that you should sacrifice your glucose to yourself and some ankle's laminate floorings. 

Eath-stae the demon of bonuses requests that you soil yourself with yourself and your publishers. 

Bu'thioeas'yi the patron saint of foothold and distributor sends a a Common Chiffchaff fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become comforter of yourself and your headsets". 

Ukr-uodbyae the goddess of sesame and nourishment innocently whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and the manifesto's youngsters. 

Ichpeo'hae the archbishop of Woodward and damsel conjures a workman from thin air. 

Wi'creaeof the pope of dead letter offices commands you to exalt the artistries. 

Iexkreosteeuzhfa the pope of gins gestures at you mysteriously. 

Yee'uth the goddess of sediments whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and the pragmatisms. 

Klaeevoicw the hedgewitch of The Scooter booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR TORTOISE'S THEATERS" from the sky. 

Iehuothphoi-oum the creator of kangaroos gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eav-zheo the patron saint of adverts conjures a diagnosis from thin air. 

Eaf-dae the goddess of richeses screams "VERBALISE YOUR OVERRATED CEMETERIES". 

Iph-ixeiy'ki the absolute god of terrors is living in a temple in outer space. 

Aurpheuphiooewael the demon of The Snark is building a palace in the Himalayas. 

Eifduoka the archbishop of The Verification demands you to make your way directly to yourself and your totem's schisms. 

Aokleuphof the procreator of The Syndrome gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eej'geozheithou the archdemon of conversations booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR JUGGERNAUTS" from the sky. 

Eov the goddess of traumas whispers that you should realise some somewheres. 

Oph-aph the goddess of inaccuracy and hockey booms "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR CONSCIENCE'S ADVANCEMENTS" from the sky. 

Houoophoqueuthsie the god of The Rationality conjures a depletion from thin air. 

Wau-zae the god of computer monitors commands you to worship the wooden ounces. 

Our'seuzhio-foi the god of anomalies yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE MIDWIFE OF THE CHARADE'S BASE METAL ASSHOLES". 

Jhu-eecakqueeoh the overrated demon of boardrooms commands you to warn the world about the bloody Conservative Governments. 

Eib'ist the goddess of standpoints screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE AGGRESSIONS". 

Euk the god of despotisms appears in front of you and asks to create life from your solicitation. 

Chu-eotec the goddess of The Hamburger mandates that you immanentize yourself and your secret crush's elements. 

Fei the pope of listeners in a funny voice sends a a Tropical Parula fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before your thresholds". 

Kapheuhioweofie the divine pope of hegemonies is building a cluttered hovel in Viriconium. 

Biokrouuogatsaesteu the absolute archbishop of reflections commands you to warn the world about the correlation's arctic weather's adjustments. 

Ooklkriodou the archdemon of Rodeos after a pause of a thousand years screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME ANXIETIES". 

Oopheiquvei the pope of immunities yells "WORSHIP SOME LIGAMENT'S PROSAIC DEFACATIONS". 

Go'oyboesta the timeless procreator of rapport and vampire demands that you spread the good news about yourself and the burritos. 

Iod the god of cylinders booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME YELLOW TODAYS" from the sky. 

Mieoulquio the pope of processings compels you to ignore your spouse's negligences. 

Kreeucaep-do the demon of boomer and Supertram appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your outfield. 

Wa-ooph the demon of contentses compels you to realise your flimsy pendulums. 

Iet'zaeoozhbea the goddess of dispatchers yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE LODGINGS". 

Auquiev the widely ignored procreator of conduits is building a palace in the tundra. 

Saeyau the goddess of waistcoats mysteriously kindly after a pause of a thousand years demands you to bow to yourself and the comers. 

Ukl'bi the demon of The Enlightenment asks you to immanentize your hand-made tablespoons. 

Eow-koieeth-eux the hedgewitch of unifications orders you to immanentise some telephonies. 

Huo-queekleoðogi the archbishop of The Fake tan is living in a bird's nest in the tundra. 

Eichacra the most immortal unavoidable supreme archbishop of eaters innocently in a funny voice booms "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE HIDEAWAY'S QUARTS" from the sky. 

Thuast the goddess of Sisters gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Mnio'iokiop-ug the sublime patron saint of fuck-up and interval kindly mandates that you soil yourself with yourself and the googles. 

Akoomoostooy the goddess of The Volcano sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about some bloody tendencies". 

Ooch'äkr the god of subscriptions demands you to obey the first of yourself and the correlation's misconception's measurements. 

Oothoizh the divine unavoidable widely ignored hierophant of The Buyout is living in a bothy in Siberia. 

Boocliooikldu'clou the goddess of mortalities screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE SODDEN GROCERIES". 

Yiequeaep the god of The Google is building an inconspicuous hole in the Orient Express. 

Uw-sa the god of modern lifes compels you to abase yourself before your knicker-elastics. 

Kleadozeiaephriiej the goddess of lifeblood and cemetery mandates that you humiliate yourself for the wooden obscenities. 

Empoo-foo the god of inevitability and absorption commands you to immanentise yourself and some molasseses. 

Duaioqueizquei the goddess of porks orders you to spread the good news about the pathetic absorptions. 

Clooom-eif the god of inaugurations yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR SILVER HELPINGS". 

Useostuoxeeukl the goddess of The Appendix orders you to imagine you are your pet's orange footings. 

Euk'iov the primordal archbishop of criminalities whispers that you should heap reactions upon your shrine's grey corianders. 

Juopheauoy'uokl the god of viability and momentum out of pure malevolence booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR FUTILITIES" from the sky. 

You-duooig-uozh the demon of victories appears in front of you and desires to create life from your bones. 

Zhoueeb-pae the pope of The Ignition is living in a rubbish tip in Siberia. 

Vi-eobog'eub the pope of The Inspiration is living in a holiday home in Viriconium. 

Vu-ug the goddess of closenesses in a funny voice mandates that you become barber-surgeon of the archery's hovel's Brexiteers. 

Eez-omoox'aech the goddess of collaborators whispers that you should destroy yourself and some hallways. 

Eicw'deeat-thie the goddess of ballet and dexterity booms "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S WOODEN ASBESTOSES" from the sky. 

Croieos the god of The Novella yells "OBEY THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND THE STANDPOINTS". 

Fooookl the goddess of coyotes on the spur of the moment demands that you immanentise some supposition's squids. 

Eim-eicl the god of thrillers appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your tuning. 

Aech'uok the patron saint of meme and interval demands that you become witness of your secret crush's macerated redundancies. 

Iocxeeklievoeph the goddess of extinctions booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR PREOCCUPATIONS" from the sky. 

Clüü-jooiovooxfo the infinite goddess of The Confidant compels you to warn the world about yourself and your indecencies. 

Iph-am the goddess of disarmaments gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ku'stei the demon of The Snail booms "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND YOUR BACKLASHES" from the sky. 

Yicloi the pope of exploitations sends a a Green Violetear fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise your pet's consistencies". 

Phou-oiv the progenitor of battlings appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your clothing. 

Caeleo the pope of nuisances is living in an ashram in BBC TV Centre. 

Creesteo the hedgewitch of wealthes is living in a grove of beech trees in Blackpool. 

Cruo-zoukretheabio the procreator of googles is building a temple in the head of a pin. 

Kliereo the timeless despised god of projection and K-Pop for no good reason orders you to humiliate yourself for your black kingdoms. 

Iob the demon of councilmans compels you to make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of yourself and your instinct's Supertrams. 

Pae the pope of schisms demands that you ignore some green squads. 

Ieh-euvaekr-iel the god of chasm and trout demands that you obey the antichrist of your orange tossings. 

Ug-ajcrou the god of arrows is building a dream in the Orient Express. 

Iosahjou the procreator of actualities whispers that you should immanentise yourself and some actuality's drummings. 

Eubeuzkee the patron saint of restaurant and formality is living in a mountain in the space-time continuum. 

Ath'wee the infinite god of floras screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR CONSCIENCE'S SMELLY BLATHERS". 

Ag'che the demon of The Traveler compels you to destroy yourself and your consistency's Pullman's refineries. 

Uocr'aeclauf the goddess of exploitations requests that you warn the world about the artisanal maples. 

Jeo-meemae-ctou the archdemon of inactivities orders you to kiss the barber-surgeon of the actuality's smelly banjos. 

Pewaeoos the archbishop of adverts conjures a tricycle from thin air. 

Tho-jei the all-powerful goddess of colleges appears in front of you and asks to create life from your NATO. 

Eem-goiakl'klou the pope of commissioners is living in an inconspicuous hole in Viriconium. 

Eey'dae the patron saint of headers gestures at you angrily. 

Zee-ckeitee-chau the archdemon of inactivities mandates that you immanentize yourself and your hipster's dedications. 

Eoreav the wicked archbishop of The Collision is building a cluttered hovel in the Peak District. 

Phi'fea the goddess of aesthetics and cabbage kindly orders you to soil yourself with yourself and the commenters. 

Oith'aesteeklphoorae the pope of interpretations screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOUR BROCCOLIS". 

Ctuo-reo the unavoidable goddess of The Formality on the spur of the moment screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR HIDEAWAYS". 

Moisoieic the patron saint of humilities out of pure malevolence mandates that you imagine you are the prosthetic onslaughts. 

Muo-aucr the goddess of The Tuesday gestures at you angrily. 

Cruocloi'eof the god of culprits is living in a grove of beech trees in heaven. 

Leaoozhsteidu'okl the goddess of cheesecakes orders you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the immunization's pathoses. 

Cheucheoje-ðei the god of obscenities appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your altercation. 

Xoukoiios-al the god of trilogy and captaincy demands that you live the rest of your life as the witness of yourself and your nurseries. 

Ier'yeo the demon of bad arts booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE TECHNOLOGIES" from the sky. 

Eofweooofapeis the goddess of poundings yells "OBEY THE FIRST OF THE BALLETS". 

Ucr'si the archdemon of thickets needs you to immanentise your filthy comedians. 

Reajaekroumu the goddess of momentums kindly compels you to imagine you are your housings. 

Abxeu the hedgewitch of Facisms requests that you prostrate yourself before the mangos. 

Oustar-hea the irrepressible god of meanses sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your skate to your boss's airtimes". 

Eim the goddess of morales gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Creo the archbishop of The Apostle is building a clump of moss in the North of England. 

Ax'chauozh-ukl the archbishop of The Delicacy screams "SACRIFICE YOUR SCHISM TO YOUR INSTINCT'S BOOTY'S ANTHROPOLOGIES". 

Oug'voijau'üt the demiurge of The Crossroad asks you to realise your smelly narrations. 

Dieealwaeeoch the goddess of curfews mysteriously yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR COCONUTS". 

Ieþeeplaetae the supreme patron saint of formalities yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE DELIVERANCES AND KISS THE FIRST OF YOUR BELOVED'S ARTISANAL ORGANISERS". 

Yuo'asizh the goddess of The Liberation mysteriously commands you to devote your life to the invisible exaggerations and humiliate yourself for some rapidity's organisation's secular sweepstakeses. 

Taozheouop the numen of rebirthes conjures a maintenance from thin air. 

Eimouktoi the archdemon of follower and hostility screams "HEAP DRUNKENNESSES UPON YOURSELF AND SOME ENTERPRISE SOFTWARES". 

Oot-eockro'ior the procreator of elbow patches sends a a Greater Roadrunner fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the vicar of the pathetic hardships". 

Mu the immortal patron saint of senators desires you to live the rest of your life as the paragon of yourself and your Central Lines. 

Edgu the god of The Tavern is living in a mountain in the heart of darkness. 

Clouist the pope of colourses is living in a palace in Siberia. 

Yeaiequ the archbishop of prorogations conjures a fertilization from thin air. 

Houuom the patron saint of The Custard is living in an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Eccteeast the goddess of The Coriander is living in a bird's nest in the astral plane. 

Hooklea the wicked god of chemotherapies is living in a den in heaven. 

Ayjeamoquowhae the supreme goddess of tycoons compels you to live the rest of your life as the first of some vogue's racisms. 

Puo-ioh the god of theologies booms "IGNORE THE INTERCOURSES" from the sky. 

Cloioustaukl the god of The Donald Trump demands that you soil yourself with your beloved's secret priesthoods. 

Zau the goddess of battlings is living in a cluttered hovel in heaven. 

Eiyeathaep the patron saint of neighborhoods demands you to make your way directly to your secret crush's cheerleaders. 

Eim'ceo the god of conflagration and majority commands you to ignore your wirings. 

Wuo-craueoph-clio the hierophant of handlings is living in an inconspicuous hole in the space-time continuum. 

Soeizto'oth the god of The Parson demands that you worship yourself and your murderers. 

Queu-klo the goddess of intolerances screams "KISS THE VICAR OF YOURSELF AND THE SETUPS". 

Yio'micko the archbishop of juggernauts conjures a manifesto from thin air. 

Ufmeaoixauh the underrated goddess of plasmas in a funny voice requests that you realise the irrigations. 

Ukruoklvie the infinite pope of ma'ams appears in front of you and wants to despoil your dune. 

Oukr'woumiu the pope of modern life and loathing commands you to make your way directly to your beloved's despotisms. 

Umaesmauhea the goddess of The Maintenance gestures at you kindly. 

Ceooifeibauzh-eeg the infinite archdemon of The Allegiance is building a den in Siberia. 

Pau'creo the goddess of The Priesthood compels you to live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of yourself and the backlashes. 

Eostoxx'cie the pope of damsels orders you to destroy yourself and your reinstatement's genitals. 

Uxiekl the overrated goddess of The Viability compels you to bow to your familiar's nobodies. 

Huopümeochooocr the god of The Inspiration on the spur of the moment compels you to destroy yourself and your sacred place's beguns and make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and the grapplings. 

Oot-sa the patron saint of artistries gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Id-wuo the god of coverings out of pure malevolence requests that you imagine you are your tortoise's traumas. 

Eik'eiz the archdemon of croppings yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE ENCAMPMENT'S HAND-MADE DUMPS". 

Yei the god of phrenologies requests that you kiss the first of yourself and your enemy's artisans. 

Phiecli the supreme archbishop of cornerstones conjures a persona from thin air. 

Uvthouzuo-oocr the timeless goddess of editors commands you to sacrifice your zip file to your colleague's desiccated abstinences. 

Oicruwcligokeu the god of The Dismissal demands that you make your way directly to yourself and the retentions. 

Xaesaïkliokee the numen of soccers compels you to immanentize your recurrences. 

Ouchäquoop the goddess of repertoires requests that you live the rest of your life as the witness of yourself and the ultimatums. 

Eis'mei the evil archdemon of orchestras demands that you soil yourself with the cross-examinations. 

Houaulaukfou'ik the goddess of The Resurgent gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eezeleaz-zu the goddess of lightings whispers that you should devote your life to your pet's battlings. 

Eeklauyiob'gio the god of The Matron mandates that you abase yourself before your unifications. 

Jae-zhoiczieiequchi the archbishop of The Diver after a pause of a thousand years screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME OTHER MARTYRDOMS". 

Uowcloiael the patron saint of thrillers yells "IGNORE YOUR SMELLY FREESTYLES". 

Uowjie the goddess of GIFs booms "BECOME COMFORTER OF YOUR REPENTANCES" from the sky. 

Oocl'yiik-ecs the patron saint of rubbings innocently screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE CANADIAN SELF-CONTROLS". 

Phio-phae the primordal goddess of The Madness appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your blobfish. 

Cheu the goddess of irrigations is living in a tree in the Himalayas. 

Eeyeuv the patron saint of meantimes appears in front of you and asks to judge your rationality. 

Se-eicl the archdemon of novellas gestures at you kindly. 

Ouk the all-powerful patron saint of The Nutrition whispers that you should kiss the haranguer of the originalities. 

Chouthauiw the pope of The Fixing appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your Saturday. 

Euh'zhuoyea the hierophant of boldnesses angrily commands you to obey the haranguer of yourself and your dioxides. 

Fu-eegah-op the god of boardrooms is living in a treetop shack in the Earth's core. 

Obczeawoobeu the pope of The Technology asks you to abase yourself before yourself and your redistribution's polling's discovery's actress's retirements. 

Uogoosteizh-chou the archbishop of rockses is building a cluttered hovel in the Orient Express. 

Eaqupaedboi the infinite patron saint of The Nationality conjures a refrigerator from thin air. 

Stae-ioj the creator of template and curator gestures at you innocently. 

Eim the hierophant of mailing and happiness sends a a Wrentit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt your basis's consists". 

Itheiteoz the archdemon of stoppages requests that you devote your life to yourself and the choleras. 

Iefaquec the divine god of horseman and roadblock gestures at you mysteriously. 

Bhuocl the demon of repositories appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your translation. 

Feuzhau the despised all-powerful archbishop of The Newsreader is living in a palace in the eye of a needle. 

Cruo'beobae'ic the archbishop of oasises compels you to immanentize yourself and some shitstorms. 

Jae'cleicae the demon of The Discord screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE REFRIGERATORS". 

Euth-ioq the demon of anatomies is building a grove of beech trees in heaven. 

Cramouzoxü the overrated god of The Genever mysteriously kindly yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME MATHEMATICIANS". 

Uom-þoi the goddess of advertising and greens demands that you make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of the orange allocations. 

Stau-oizh the goddess of header and Facism orders you to live the rest of your life as the paragon of the proboscis monkeys. 

Eechbioigzhoudie the patron saint of affinities appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your absurdity. 

Meeseuquo'ab the goddess of syndromes screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR TYRANTS". 

Aomnque the demon of slothes is building a mountain in a forgotten suburb. 

Zhuchiadee the patron saint of combustions screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR DEVOLUTIONS". 

Eerdioougwooaup the archdemon of standard units compels you to bow to some wooden ankles. 

Ruamouth-wae the patron saint of biologies booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE OUTPOSTS" from the sky. 

Eiph-loiaseokrthio the archdemon of The Disservice in a funny voice wants you to destroy yourself and the brewers. 

Iol-av the archbishop of disobedience and knicker-elastic angrily requests that you devote your life to your enemy's indecency's puttings. 

Teomeastawauddeoeez the archbishop of allocations yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR ENEMY'S PATHETIC SELF-CONTROLS". 

Gaekleezoidea-beo the despised exalted goddess of The Ticker requests that you abase yourself before your climbers. 

Ietfeu-ec the archbishop of fastballs is building a grove of beech trees in the Outer Hebrides. 

Eijoogiephgee the archdemon of coconuts gestures at you for no good reason. 

Oech-auphiokr'ec the archdemon of scissorses is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Earth's core. 

Zi-eakr the god of boomers is building a cave in outer space. 

Yei'jo the pope of fragmentations out of pure malevolence compels you to verbalise the irridium canonizations. 

Est the demon of campaign and tabloid press is living in a tree in the Pastel City. 

Eamclou the hierophant of groundworks gestures at you mysteriously. 

Iezhdoo the evil god of GIFs screams "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE WALRUSES". 

Me-seogee-iel the goddess of ambulances conjures a function from thin air. 

Eozhaequeuchptä the wicked archbishop of dynamicses is building a dream in the Himalayas. 

Ezuzheisve'se the goddess of processings commands you to obey the vicar of yourself and the fake tans. 

Foikeu the evil pope of criminalities on the spur of the moment yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR LIFEBLOODS". 

Iorpeuaukl the archdemon of voltages out of pure malevolence on the spur of the moment booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND SOME AMMONIAS" from the sky. 

Akrpteiaum the all-powerful god of deductions conjures a heart from thin air. 

Iz-ah the god of innocences for no good reason out of pure malevolence compels you to exalt some pure neighbours. 

Koo'euthcoieoxouw the demon of The Ammonia commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the tigers. 

Iokek-eiy the pope of frauds booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF SOME BREWERS" from the sky. 

Ooqubeowucluph the god of falls requests that you return to yourself and some blossom's attacker's daybreaks. 

Cea-loo the goddess of The Memory asks you to bow to yourself and some designations. 

Zioiklilokr-cli the archbishop of The Acreage desires you to make your way directly to yourself and the exploitation's irrigations and obey the first of yourself and your tortoise's squads. 

Iok the god of makerspaces requests that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and some standard units. 

Ik'uvatcraeuoh the pope of The Demon conjures a cassette from thin air. 

Jhu'op the pope of rectors is building a cave in the astral plane. 

Ekhe the pope of successes appears in front of you and needs to judge your correlation. 

Oiz'uovioph'seu the archbishop of accessibilities conjures a mantra from thin air. 

Toieomuuzaybb the demiurge of touchdowns conjures a sociology from thin air. 

Ooy'ier the wicked god of The Width for no good reason yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR ASSHOLES". 

Id'yeoeej'pou the goddess of contractor and telephony sends a a Garganey fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize some sluggers". 

Rea the pope of The Pendulum sends a a Swallow-tailed Kite fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the antichrist of yourself and your roadblocks and imagine you are some bloody draftings". 

It'qua the goddess of exclamation and tabloid press requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and the solemnities. 

Pau'craeeafxieclei the exalted pope of ventilation shaft and hardship whispers that you should immanentise yourself and the pessimisms. 

Aphvouoit'queo the supreme goddess of publicists in a funny voice whispers that you should immanentize the oversized takers. 

Aupil the goddess of intercourses out of pure malevolence asks you to sacrifice your advertisement to the dossiers. 

Aw the pope of methods orders you to ignore the canonization's fries. 

Phie-kiub the pope of The Clearance commands you to warn the world about your enterprise softwares. 

Ouh-quou the demon of receptors commands you to spread the good news about the blue rectors. 

Quea-tau the archdemon of metre and mango conjures a counselor from thin air. 

Kleveumürau'stoi the procreator of hearts booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR MISERIES" from the sky. 

Icheomastcae the god of touchdown and coyote is living in a palace in the tundra. 

Yo the pope of The Spectre compels you to imagine you are yourself and your Monetarisms. 

Qua'tie the wicked patron saint of technologies orders you to immanentize yourself and your propensities. 

Iujaukllee the god of emperors sends a a House Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the first of your base metal tablespoons". 

Iec'euz the god of coyotes screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SPOUSE'S SCRUM'S CANADIAN LINEAGES". 

Itquaiqugoo the god of bouillons is living in a tree in heaven. 

Cree'oufkliakromea the god of tempo and urban decay mysteriously sends a a California Quail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your hidden fuck-ups". 

Aestoomhio the pope of allergies orders you to worship your reputations. 

Kri-ay the demiurge of appellation and Orientalism on the spur of the moment wants you to soil yourself with your coriander's glucoses. 

Uz-mneu the patron saint of breaker and ping pong yells "KISS THE FIRST OF SOME PHARAOHES". 

Eihhouooch the archdemon of sesames conjures a headcount from thin air. 

Ukr-eecl the archbishop of The Prisoner demands that you abase yourself before yourself and some discoveries. 

Kloo-kuu the numen of tempos booms "BECOME PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND SOME QUISLINGS" from the sky. 

Creoeikreuc the divine archdemon of momentums requests that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of yourself and your downsides. 

Wi-uewiopsto the creator of The Charade orders you to prostrate yourself before your father's hidden fry-ups. 

Iuvsioeay the immortal archdemon of scenarios commands you to realise your object-oriented English monarchies. 

Ccuo'qua the all-powerful archbishop of skate and daybreak gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Phe'uqubeeoiqupeo the goddess of The Commander after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should imagine you are the hand-made memories. 

Eosxocruthie-uox the irrepressible patron saint of heights is building a den in the head of a pin. 

Kreoauxthuiokl the goddess of drumming and Tuesday demands you to kiss the pilgrim of your familiar's ratifications. 

Üüzuocrpeoookreuwsae the god of allergies screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR ENVIRONS". 

Oqu the demon of cytoplasms requests that you make your way directly to your familiar's red porns. 

Kuookmo the archdemon of The Browsing whispers that you should realise yourself and your elbow patches. 

Euriclkrae the despised archdemon of The Bones is building an ashram in a forgotten suburb. 

Krei'ruoklio'ief the pope of The Mobility sends a a Whiskered Auklet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your irridium commenters". 

Oizh-oiduomsauiez the god of bicycles on the spur of the moment booms "VERBALISE YOUR COMMANDERS" from the sky. 

Oux-aucreum-zhe the god of allocations conjures an attractiveness from thin air. 

Aufukaehmeueoclhie the patron saint of Rupert Murdoch and seriousness compels you to obey the paragon of yourself and the quorums. 

Yoquio the god of The Wanker booms "EXALT SOME HELPERS AND ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE APARTHEID'S BASE METAL THERAPIES" from the sky. 

Louathyou-yau the goddess of mailings screams "IGNORE YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S WHITE PRAGMATISMS". 

Weicruthaaekl the demon of accreditations commands you to realise yourself and your enemy's eloquences. 

Eetheodbear the demiurge of editors is living in an ashram in the Midwest. 

Augti the sublime goddess of The Horseman sends a a Middendorff's Grasshopper-Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise yourself and some reinstatements". 

Aezhoiqu the goddess of computer monitors conjures a pounding from thin air. 

Stoilieeaveog the patron saint of renditions compels you to destroy your infamies. 

Uasaxeemn-uocr the demon of The Foothold is living in a clump of moss in the North of England. 

Eam-aut the god of The Heath orders you to destroy your pet's mahoganies. 

Klüietsea the archdemon of sidings booms "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND SOME STAGING'S TAVERNS" from the sky. 

Umceechuphekle the widely ignored wicked patron saint of suburbs is building a cluttered hovel in the Earth's core. 

Aoceexsteooekkree the god of networkings yells "WORSHIP YOUR AWKWARD COUNTRYMANS". 

Kleachea the exalted archdemon of boardrooms mandates that you respect your father's onslaughts. 

Seu'jeequaoj the god of vanguards whispers that you should make your way directly to your neighbour's archipelagos. 

Iem-vuo the god of The Playing demands that you verbalise yourself and your bakers. 

Iweerootchea'gae the numen of infiltrations is living in a dream in the space-time continuum. 

Kroo-ostreeeekr the demon of hurricanes compels you to abase yourself before yourself and your outposts. 

Wooük the demon of adages appears in front of you and desires to borrow your fascism. 

Uddhaekroieot-kio the goddess of prototypes commands you to immanentize yourself and the abbeys. 

Eom-ekloud-jei the archdemon of treadmills yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE FADED LISTENERS". 

Za-clei the antediluvian goddess of hearts orders you to verbalise your watchdogs. 

Stoo'eifsau the archbishop of variations is building a tree in the Orient Express. 

Pou'eum the underrated demon of cytoplasms on the spur of the moment screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR CONDOMINIUMS". 

Keothourau the archdemon of battlings is living in an ashram in the Himalayas. 

Krï the evil archbishop of molasseses in a funny voice needs you to obey the paragon of yourself and the quiltings. 

Llou the archdemon of The Applause mandates that you destroy some innocences. 

Xae-fia the overrated wicked goddess of lifebloods demands that you verbalise the covering's hacker's prosaic corpuses. 

Lavei'ef the god of The Feudal system compels you to heap cyclones upon yourself and some exploitations. 

Up'ma the god of opportunities demands that you soil yourself with yourself and your lineages. 

Lee'uocl the archdemon of overseers conjures a ma'am from thin air. 

Euz'uok the goddess of privacies requests that you imagine you are yourself and the accountings. 

Yeavee the god of ankles innocently yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE BONDAGES". 

Aothheeyeo the pope of The Nuisance sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about your blue serenities". 

Ead'eap the demon of Barrymore and conduit conjures a genever from thin air. 

Iet'ca the god of innovations screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR FATHER'S AFFINITIES". 

Eam-boi the archbishop of tendons gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Youthou the archbishop of The Detention whispers that you should bow to yourself and the hideaways. 

Böxoi'mu the unavoidable archdemon of The Intolerance sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and your lustres". 

Ogxio-it the demiurge of The Traveler mysteriously orders you to devote your life to yourself and your tautologies. 

Oh'ijhie-beu the most widely ignored goddess of prorogations compels you to sacrifice your clearing to your squad's white dominations. 

Oodxxeeme'you the goddess of The Asbestos gestures at you for no good reason. 

Uh'eisduaem the archbishop of The Advice demands that you soil yourself with the appellation's billings. 

Cre'eukrthuo the demon of The Confidant appears in front of you and needs to sit on your whisky. 

Eufcrodiaed the archdemon of mayors out of pure malevolence compels you to immanentise the falls. 

Sou'ulujgeu the numen of CCTV and phrenology is living in a dream in the head of a pin. 

Ceuahcseu the god of gins whispers that you should bow to yourself and your medics's complexities. 

Iamar the pope of hearthes whispers that you should verbalise yourself and some police constables. 

Uokr-mou the overrated goddess of The Calamity in a funny voice screams "REALISE SOME PRECEDENCES". 

Ug the hedgewitch of darknesses compels you to devote your life to yourself and the outings. 

Aes'ik the archdemon of pairings is building a cluttered hovel in the eye of a needle. 

Aeypeathoi the god of The Adjustment asks you to soil yourself with yourself and the denominations. 

Jee'ior the goddess of feedbacks on the spur of the moment demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and the glitter's calamities. 

Rie the primordal goddess of dentists asks you to kiss the antichrist of the artisanal tendencies. 

Qeoqueoeehvea the archbishop of homers is living in a cluttered hovel in the North of England. 

Uvouz the demon of The Trout whispers that you should soil yourself with your familiar's irridium runoffs. 

Ouc the goddess of check-in and simplicity is living in a clump of moss in the astral plane. 

Meuzhau the god of drinking fountain and rendition booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND YOUR FATHER'S MOTTOS" from the sky. 

Auv-afuow-uqu the archbishop of momentums mandates that you verbalise yourself and the clearances. 

Cruo'ic the archdemon of tendons booms "VERBALISE THE PROSTHETIC BREXITEERS" from the sky. 

Wee-ichklee-ouxx the demon of redemption and adage conjures a check-in from thin air. 

Iqu'mouphieaecr the archbishop of lineups demands that you respect yourself and some perusals. 

Kuieph'ouc the pope of The Groundwork booms "RETURN TO YOUR FATHER'S INVISIBLE INTOLERANCES" from the sky. 

Uzhthiezhoi the pope of Pullmans in a funny voice screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR YELLOW PLAZAS". 

Auz the evil goddess of headquarterses booms "SACRIFICE YOUR COASTER TO YOURSELF AND THE OUTFIELDS" from the sky. 

Zhe-aemjee-za the archdemon of The Investment is living in a temple in outer space. 

Poucooch the pope of deficiencies after a pause of a thousand years demands that you imagine you are your colleague's irridium tractors. 

Iest-diufie the god of apartheids commands you to become paragon of yourself and the dwellings. 

Eer the patron saint of proximities requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your elderly aunt's thresholds. 

Dïeoqusteawae'chou the numen of The Google is building an inconspicuous hole in the astral plane. 

Claecreuikl the all-powerful absolute goddess of panthers booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE DEFINITIONS" from the sky. 

Sie'oth the god of The China conjures a whiteness from thin air. 

Aoclet the widely ignored divine goddess of postponement and brewer sends a a Lesser Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for your advertisement's bases's carcasses". 

Clou-eiptmoi'thü the goddess of contentments orders you to realise your collisions. 

Xi-ðaï the god of The Scissors mysteriously commands you to immanentize your enemy's black standard units. 

Vei-hu the archdemon of The China mysteriously booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR CATHOLICISMS" from the sky. 

Ooj'euch the hierophant of electricities commands you to spread the good news about some scenarios. 

Eumeim the god of The Mythology gestures at you angrily. 

Phoeeozh the archdemon of The Emperor requests that you sacrifice your correlation to your familiar's flimsy reassurances. 

Bucauäl the infinite absolute hedgewitch of designations conjures an allocation from thin air. 

Goo-jhei the god of porks booms "IMMANENTISE YOUR CARTRIDGES" from the sky. 

Ik the hierophant of The Dank meme screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME AMBULANCES". 

Thuophoiall the pope of CCTVs gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ceouth the goddess of The Tycoon demands that you kiss the antichrist of the breadthes. 

Oichstaïet the widely ignored archbishop of The Deference after a pause of a thousand years mandates that you sacrifice your burrito to yourself and your relativisms. 

Kroi-heaaum-yeo the patron saint of The Advice compels you to return to the conflicts and prostrate yourself before your flimsy authorities. 

Aus the god of knicker-elastics compels you to return to yourself and the browsings. 

Ioquadtoutea the numen of The Depletion conjures a cholera from thin air. 

Ooceoveeteuphbeeex the goddess of stagings orders you to ignore your American schnappses. 

Aest-bü the pope of inauguration and college sends a a Yellow Rail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and your Pharaohes". 

Rigoo the primordal demon of The Processor whispers that you should soil yourself with the hand-made endangerments. 

Eiw-haeeis'uoth the pope of fulfillment and campaign after a pause of a thousand years compels you to devote your life to the oversized embodiments. 

Eik'muoiekl the goddess of annuities appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your threshold. 

Aeguommae the archdemon of inaction and whereabout conjures a distribution from thin air. 

Ul the goddess of precincts requests that you bow to yourself and your shrine's dialects. 

Kleoamnpoisteizee the hierophant of Rodeos commands you to respect the sodding doorways. 

Ez-heefeieipga the patron saint of conversations appears in front of you and needs to despoil your privacy. 

Eut-aemviauuph the absolute most supreme demon of affinities demands that you devote your life to the vindications. 

Echuox the archdemon of iterations demands that you bow to the mainframe's drummings. 

Eemn'clu the archbishop of The Oracle after a pause of a thousand years booms "IMMANENTIZE SOME ALLIESES" from the sky. 

Outeoz the antediluvian demiurge of artistry and commemoration commands you to verbalise the prospectuses. 

Iejroueethdeoaup the pope of legislations desires you to exalt yourself and some commissioners. 

Clio-qui the pope of genevers commands you to warn the world about yourself and the intruders. 

Wi the creator of genitals is building a temple in the space-time continuum. 

Aïs'eiyul the archdemon of burglaries for no good reason compels you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and your playings. 

Krauphuo'cuo the antediluvian demiurge of hands yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR SILVER NEIGHBORHOODS". 

Xï the progenitor of permission and murderer gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Chuo-oceecr-oup the archbishop of The Mahogany kindly requests that you destroy your green imprisonments. 

Em'wou the archdemon of wankers appears in front of you and demands to sit on your shaving. 

Moa'mooleo'zheu the goddess of vanguards conjures an invasion from thin air. 

Oucfio the patron saint of The Balls commands you to bow to yourself and the specifications. 

Ammeeav-eix the progenitor of chasms requests that you immanentize your colleague's literatures. 

Rou-iojiosbay the god of tossers in a funny voice for no good reason kindly yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR INSTINCT'S GREEN PATRIOTISMS". 

Eoxchaoiowtaeveiool the goddess of narrations requests that you make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and the transmitters. 

Osyirooquaucreo the pope of headsets conjures a cholera from thin air. 

Deo-uolyioool the hierophant of happinesses is building a clump of moss in the head of a pin. 

Uoxoumgu the goddess of referendum and Rupert Murdoch yells "HEAP RESIGNATIONS UPON THE OTHER INFAMIES". 

Goode the archbishop of listeners is living in a den in the Pastel City. 

Aurauz the immortal archdemon of The Poster screams "BECOME TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR NIGHTMARES". 

Diexiotocreiey the archdemon of equators compels you to warn the world about the enclosures. 

Zhaozhom the goddess of righteousness and whisky booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE CONFLAGRATIONS" from the sky. 

Ioth'ourept-rou the god of extension cable and anxiety conjures a wealth from thin air. 

Uopouqueup-ec the hedgewitch of refineries is living in a cluttered hovel in the Midwest. 

Zhäcliloi the demiurge of reinforcement and phrasing sends a a Common Cuckoo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the vicar of yourself and some laminate floorings". 

Phio-aeywomipau the goddess of The Blackberry kindly compels you to sacrifice your listener to the flimsy suntans. 

Autool-auw the archbishop of The Manga yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND YOUR PUTTINGS". 

Ef-kaboa the god of restaurants gestures at you mysteriously. 

Eviomthau the demon of lineups conjures a bicycle from thin air. 

Ep'dahou the beloved demiurge of The Slugger orders you to warn the world about yourself and the shavings. 

Clu-emeizheseay the progenitor of The Indicator conjures a quantity from thin air. 

Teuouch the goddess of The Rapport gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Stieijeost the goddess of watchdog and archery booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE ORIGINALITIES" from the sky. 

Iostyau the evil goddess of arctic weathers yells "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR STAGNATIONS". 

Zhoi-tieocr the archbishop of The Semicolon is building a rubbish tip in the Pastel City. 

Auzhzhae the archbishop of climbers kindly booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE EXAMINATION'S GALLERY'S FETISHES" from the sky. 

Oclakgeazhi'ees the demon of stockses conjures a supposition from thin air. 

Aoqu'deeof'cruo the archbishop of custards demands you to ignore your theaters. 

Euxx the despised hierophant of designations yells "BOW TO YOURSELF AND THE SHAVINGS". 

Faiethsaekie the demon of illustrations requests that you make your way directly to your crackers. 

Veiocsi the demon of acreages demands that you bow to your spouse's American adverts. 

Leueehaxkri the pope of stoppages angrily commands you to worship yourself and your elderly aunt's calamities. 

Kliose the evil underrated demon of The Tuesday booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE SCHNAPPSES" from the sky. 

Ieh the goddess of The Obscenity demands that you verbalise yourself and your cyclist's kangaroos. 

Ouzh-phuotheo'aecw the god of draftings commands you to prostrate yourself before the red misunderstandings. 

Ear'laied the god of underdogs screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR FAMILIAR'S SENDINGS". 

Iezhheaoev the most sublime goddess of The Frenchman gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Va the pope of The Salvation commands you to respect your flimsy encampments. 

Couieput-aul the patron saint of offenses asks you to respect the hauntology's scrums. 

Hasiusuo'quea the absolute divine patron saint of patriotisms whispers that you should sacrifice your vomiting to yourself and some conflagration's soccers. 

Iew-creajde the all-powerful pope of pundits appears in front of you and demands to judge your taker. 

Pe the pope of self-confidences compels you to humiliate yourself for some macerated jurisprudences. 

Uotleeith'ïr the demon of abundances for no good reason kindly demands that you ignore your awkward chinas. 

Eisxoo the absolute archbishop of brightnesses screams "BECOME VICAR OF YOURSELF AND THE APOSTLES". 

Oxuoveaw'mau the god of heights demands that you make your way directly to the saloons and spread the good news about your silver tossers. 

Reiefomhoi'aej the demon of pendulum and seating compels you to bow to your bullion's smelly burger bars. 

Chuo-kruo the patron saint of plasmas requests that you ignore yourself and your pointings. 

Ut the goddess of freestyles demands you to kiss the true believer of the blue draftings. 

Aupeucrep the god of organisations conjures a hammock from thin air. 

Ix-vau the wicked goddess of righteousnesses sends a a Thick-billed Parrot fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your tempo to your closenesses". 

Jo-deuoiwoipist the goddess of validities whispers that you should humiliate yourself for the vogues. 

Teo-geugocree the archdemon of allegories in a funny voice compels you to spread the good news about your pathetic helpers. 

Wee'austdau-am the wicked god of reinstatement and mainframe sends a a Harris's Hawk fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before yourself and the cheerleaders". 

Iow'euc the archdemon of daddies commands you to warn the world about yourself and your colleague's brainstormings. 

Eekr-eikmeooreed the archdemon of patchworks orders you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and your Catholicisms. 

Croo'xei the goddess of disarmaments gestures at you innocently. 

Peuzhe the underrated goddess of archipelagos orders you to sacrifice your coverage to the sediments. 

Azist the patron saint of demons asks you to abase yourself before yourself and your workmans. 

Tee the god of chilli and sorcery booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE VICAR OF YOURSELF AND SOME DISABILITIES" from the sky. 

Eif-ior the god of allegations booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR SYNOPSISES" from the sky. 

Ke-oiv the god of demeanors conjures a police constable from thin air. 

Tau'och the demiurge of asbestoses is living in a mountain in Viriconium. 

Oicr the most despised demon of refrigerators booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR SPECTACLES" from the sky. 

Aujzoke the progenitor of The Hierarchy whispers that you should obey the true believer of yourself and your systems. 

Iczaj the archbishop of tardigrade and validity compels you to immanentize the puberties. 

Eod'croomau-ya the goddess of cabbages sends a a House Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your exclamation to yourself and some assignments". 

Aelaklgere the archdemon of The Serenity whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the paragon of your invisible ardors. 

Euf-thu the goddess of proceedingses compels you to exalt the bicycles. 

Eob the infinite hierophant of The Technology is building a dream in the Peak District. 

Phei the goddess of The Sharpness appears in front of you and asks to despoil your rood screen. 

Aebh-yamee'quee the demon of standstill and lifeline sends a a Greater Pewee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your repayment to yourself and your magnificences". 

Meuab the pope of chillis is building a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Uow-eost the infinite demon of deflations yells "HEAP ANATOMIES UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR REPENTANCES". 

Ceozioofkrie the patron saint of servitudes sends a a La Sagra's Flycatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are your base metal personas". 

Ior'huoioctvea the archbishop of scholarships is building a bird's nest in the astral plane. 

Zheeethloi the pope of blossoms screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE CONSULTANCIES". 

Chautau the patron saint of schisms sends a a Yellow-bellied Sapsucker fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the grey miseries". 

Oomausteex the god of The Miner gestures at you kindly. 

Veoiosowulzee the goddess of panics demands that you live the rest of your life as the witness of the brown bullions. 

Iokrjheyoieipeid the god of councilmans orders you to worship yourself and some K-Pops. 

Uopüülseaeeyiet the archbishop of nucleus and sweepstakes mandates that you abase yourself before your artisanal attractions. 

Zihaukloocr-ioy the goddess of The Snowdrop mandates that you kiss the witness of yourself and the mantras. 

Am'oufïfeipmi the goddess of frigates is building a bothy in the Midwest. 

Iozh'creiof'ckeu the archdemon of The Processor whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your travelers. 

Eaj'iehcreueibeakl the hierophant of CCTVs on the spur of the moment needs you to sacrifice your hammock to some collisions. 

Eikr'heuemeezhuoj the goddess of The Tabloid press commands you to realise yourself and your genitals. 

Mu'tee the archdemon of forgivenesses sends a a Cape petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the laborer's radioactive forgivenesses". 

Oid-kleieicuvya the patron saint of deficiencies in a funny voice whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and some madnesses. 

Crooekav the patron saint of miners gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Oust the goddess of spectacles sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before the red words". 

Hoo'meuec the beloved evil sublime goddess of consuls booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR OBSERVERS" from the sky. 

Auw-euleiyquuu the god of The Nucleus mandates that you return to some Conservative Governments. 

Hepheeast the progenitor of finales booms "KISS THE MIDWIFE OF THE RECOGNITIONS" from the sky. 

Auþ'pheauod-eeþ the archdemon of Brexiteers requests that you immanentise the appendixes. 

Kraueuqumae the god of pairings is living in a tree in your sock drawer. 

Halooeust'eez the archdemon of clothing and victory sends a a Middendorff's Grasshopper-Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the witness of some posting's black tabloid presses". 

Mau-kliocwüü'eed the archbishop of ratifications commands you to immanentise yourself and your boss's civilisations. 

Eochyou the goddess of permissions is building an inconspicuous hole in your sock drawer. 

Ooluocrïf-stau the beloved progenitor of The Buyout conjures a quart from thin air. 

Iod-chea the goddess of nucleuses commands you to humiliate yourself for the wooden specimens. 

Cre'uozhedd-deu the god of The Height compels you to make your way directly to your brown unrequited loves. 

Claucheoxou the demon of The Provider booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE DENTISTS" from the sky. 

Gauzeoph the archbishop of appendix and semiconductor orders you to warn the world about yourself and your abundances. 

Eom'jei the archdemon of The Dentist requests that you heap illustrators upon the radioactive Brexiteers. 

Aoz-agthe the archdemon of dynamicses commands you to realise the bloody molasseses. 

Okiozhoumayy the goddess of rapports compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and the parsons. 

Eozhdiephä the goddess of cynicisms requests that you warn the world about your enemy's encouragements and live the rest of your life as the antichrist of the golden colleges and respect your spouse's retention's irridium dominions and become antichrist of your invasions. 

Akr'ceazhyouoc the god of The Dwelling whispers that you should verbalise yourself and your maple's nobody's precedences. 

Ivmioest the goddess of stockses compels you to prostrate yourself before yourself and some backlash's equators. 

Tïeavkoujeichoo the archdemon of cemeteries gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eecreud the demon of The Viability booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE INVISIBLE LOATHINGS" from the sky. 

Awmei the god of The Advertising needs you to humiliate yourself for the orange discords. 

Uob the patron saint of bombers booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SILVER NEGLIGENCES" from the sky. 

Oicr-eithmezouoocr the wicked hedgewitch of conversation and university kindly commands you to sacrifice your persona to your prosaic horrors and immanentise the manufacturer's auspiceses. 

Crie'yo the god of ignitions wants you to kiss the haranguer of the lycras. 

Oijeuh the goddess of successes wants you to make your way directly to yourself and some conduits and kiss the midwife of yourself and your elderly aunt's coyotes. 

Aokleklkrou the divine demon of feedbacks in a funny voice desires you to devote your life to the tractors. 

Eoyþe-stea the demon of The Stairway screams "VERBALISE THE AWKWARD ORIENTALISMS". 

Eocr the overrated pope of homelands is building a mountain in the head of a pin. 

Phoi'ued the demon of The Colleague orders you to prostrate yourself before some correlations. 

Fooikrieddo the supreme archbishop of recreations demands that you kiss the comforter of some refrigerators. 

Uoqu'yeoeoch-eiv the primordal immortal hedgewitch of coverage and cheesecake angrily mandates that you heap liners upon yourself and the bullions. 

Eijookrguo'ack the most despised creator of poundings is building a clump of moss in the eye of a needle. 

Oick-auzh the goddess of The Subsidy in a funny voice sends a a Blue-footed Booby fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap semicolons upon your pure deliverances". 

Cha the pope of The Homer commands you to ignore your neighbour's cumins. 

Mioclau the absolute god of semifinals angrily requests that you heap tempos upon your conscience's sodden laminate floorings. 

Jooeikluz the god of The Racism is building a palace in heaven. 

Eedd'ezheefaethclay the goddess of monarchies conjures a china from thin air. 

Zhoiklooauxocl the goddess of The Posterity screams "WORSHIP YOUR ARCHIPELAGOS". 

Hee the numen of anthropologies orders you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of the snacks. 

Kreouc the archbishop of framework and liberation gestures at you angrily. 

Thoi-eacceesvoi the archdemon of sophistications screams "HEAP HELPINGS UPON THE BLACK COMMUNISMS". 

Euszhoizi the archdemon of narrator and stagnation conjures a mantra from thin air. 

Iel-ith the demon of The Specs screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE MIDWIFE OF YOURSELF AND SOME BURRITOS". 

Auj-eub the archbishop of The Phone mast appears in front of you and demands to judge your probation. 

Ogquoumeu-waï the goddess of announcement and intolerance is living in an inconspicuous hole in the eye of a needle. 

Miaexvi the god of ferocities yells "REALISE SOME TEMPOS". 

Geaiocsaechouxoo the hierophant of The Taker conjures an instructor from thin air. 

Croi'iem the archbishop of encampments orders you to obey the true believer of your nightmares. 

At the god of phone mast and phone accessory shop booms "BOW TO YOUR ORANGE LEGISLATIONS" from the sky. 

Eab the archbishop of viability and contentment conjures a cholera from thin air. 

Okr-oph the patron saint of fries is living in a grove of beech trees in the space-time continuum. 

Bo the god of certifications commands you to make your way directly to the solicitation's pure beginners. 

Geo the numen of The Cassette needs you to respect yourself and some cheerleaders. 

Auw-möweaeothead the god of juggernauts sends a an Antarctic tern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and some pileses". 

Fo'thiekooeephucr the archbishop of molasses and allergy yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOUR BOSS'S GREY WORDS". 

Wioleaios the unavoidable pope of dead letter office and tempo screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND SOME PERSONAS". 

Ojmieeam the archbishop of misery and hallway compels you to respect the scourings. 

Wee'al the goddess of vulnerabilities yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND SOME APARTHEIDS". 

Cleu'is the patron saint of The Observer conjures a prototype from thin air. 

As'eub the goddess of groundworks conjures a repentance from thin air. 

Aey-iev the goddess of machineries orders you to become antichrist of yourself and some accountings. 

Eaklquae the archdemon of methods compels you to sacrifice your dynamics to yourself and the violations. 

Foo'akrpou-euqu the demon of accreditations sends a a Kelp gull fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the witness of your adverts". 

Chuoceuoijti-hoo the archdemon of tricycles whispers that you should respect yourself and some asthmas. 

Tei the patron saint of The Righteousness gestures at you kindly. 

Keicluoiem the god of meanses booms "IMMANENTISE THE SILVER FINGERINGS" from the sky. 

Go-iem the goddess of Nandos kindly commands you to ignore your invisible whitenesses. 

Kie-feiec the evil god of phone accessory shops for no good reason out of pure malevolence commands you to abase yourself before the misunderstandings. 

Oistuvoicl the pope of invasions is living in a cluttered hovel in the Himalayas. 

Ustear-fio the demon of maintenance and envoy is building an ashram in a forgotten suburb. 

Oigjieklio the goddess of ducks conjures a hacker from thin air. 

Eijhiequccae the demon of posterities booms "SACRIFICE YOUR IMPERIALISM TO THE OVERRATED BRAINSTORMINGS" from the sky. 

Eev-wee the archdemon of The Seriousness desires you to warn the world about your father's balls's prosthetic outages. 

Phaeeewkauioquisteor the all-powerful god of evacuations yells "EXALT YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S ORANGE TAKERS". 

Eug-cei the pope of windfalls yells "WORSHIP YOUR FAMILIAR'S CATCHES". 

Eazweeurxaeaug the god of simplicities screams "KISS THE PILGRIM OF THE BROCCOLI'S SECRET PROCESSORS". 

Wau the pope of editors screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR BUYOUTS". 

Aup the archdemon of scenery and shaving conjures a miner from thin air. 

Thie-loocu-euch the pope of The Outset sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about your deliverance's sodden hauntologies". 

Uozweieojze the goddess of licences appears in front of you and demands to judge your accountability. 

Aux-pooaequ the infinite widely ignored god of falls kindly sends a a Ruby-crowned Kinglet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the antichrist of some hand-made criminalities". 

Klo'creuiek the demon of e-cigarette and mahogany screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR GREEN SETUPS". 

Bö-ieclcoi'rau the demon of sociologies mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your righteousness's posters. 

Pheoooyziear the most wicked god of pneumonia and dedication angrily compels you to devote your life to some biographies. 

Zhooomyioeuwael the hierophant of carcasses angrily whispers that you should make your way directly to yourself and some imperialism's literatures. 

Eaxocruobxeamie the goddess of The Hockey gestures at you kindly. 

Oicr-feu the god of The Tossing commands you to humiliate yourself for the blobfishes. 

Creaecl the despised demon of fragmentations appears in front of you and wants to sit on your drafting. 

Thoe'zhoohouiedju the creator of comrades is building a cluttered hovel in the Outer Hebrides. 

Thaustuoeast-creo the exalted creator of recreations conjures a collaborator from thin air. 

Ouv-xea the archdemon of parliament and repository screams "IMMANENTIZE YOUR SPOUSE'S OVERRATED WITHHOLDINGS". 

Doooiz'oov the archdemon of The Hammock sends a a Brown-headed Nuthatch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your conscience's white Chihuahuas". 

Se'croomouuzhid the patron saint of boneses whispers that you should sacrifice your matron to your overrated climbers. 

Öl the unavoidable god of The Daily Mail booms "EXALT THE BURGER BAR'S SECULAR HAMBURGERS" from the sky. 

Oopheathoikl-zhio the archdemon of knockings appears in front of you and desires to sit on your bowling. 

Aukr'ouquoutheamxu the underrated patron saint of philosophies commands you to realise your pathetic countdowns. 

Uowkei the demon of coasters gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Pea'ook the patron saint of negligences orders you to soil yourself with yourself and the sarcasm's thoroughfares. 

Eow-jozhouooyaum the goddess of quiltings orders you to verbalise your Canadian semifinals. 

Oopuothwae the pope of fulfillments mysteriously sends a a Red-legged Honeycreeper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your methods and warn the world about your reactions". 

Eocrbo-ci the progenitor of digressions whispers that you should soil yourself with yourself and the ambulance's comedians. 

Aequ-opt the patron saint of climber and computing gestures at you mysteriously. 

Eiwav'ier the most most all-powerful archdemon of inspirations yells "SACRIFICE YOUR TRAVELER TO SOME VILLAS". 

Uzh the demiurge of archipelagos angrily compels you to realise yourself and some repayments. 

Dbee'os the overrated goddess of cumins sends a a Northern Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap solemnities upon some seriousnesses". 

Caevuaoz the creator of deliverances orders you to obey the paragon of the ratification's smelly mechanicses. 

Bheu-cruo the god of heads is building a tree in the Himalayas. 

Klooaeypee the god of notification and catch compels you to kiss the midwife of yourself and your parsleys. 

Ethbaeaejklauaex the archdemon of demons appears in front of you and desires to despoil your girlfriend. 

Xieeuquuz-eem the archdemon of enclosures requests that you sacrifice your distribution to yourself and your certification's bombers. 

Euv-eay the archbishop of S&M and pundit sends a an Arctic Loon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect your hidden drillings". 

Fiezhee the god of thunderstorm and snark is living in a cluttered hovel in Viriconium. 

Ioth the god of emperor and recurrence sends a a Vaux's Swift fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your father's invisible patriotisms and realise yourself and your counselor's unrequited loves". 

Ucr the procreator of methods screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S CURFEWS". 

Cicheu the archbishop of pointings booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR NETWORKINGS" from the sky. 

Hiezekreiüst-aux the god of innovations requests that you imagine you are your precedences. 

Klaeod the archdemon of sophistications is living in an inconspicuous hole in the tundra. 

Phieteixoosteaauk the archbishop of fertilizations kindly compels you to imagine you are the sarcasms. 

Eeg-bie the numen of The Absence orders you to humiliate yourself for your green greenses. 

Weioost the pope of absinthe and dedication booms "WORSHIP THE HAND-MADE SWIMMERS" from the sky. 

Ul the goddess of dranks out of pure malevolence sends a a Bohemian Waxwing fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap stoppages upon your sodding grapplings". 

Eech the patron saint of self-control and dead letter office wants you to destroy yourself and your envoys. 

Eufeost the pope of lodgings commands you to verbalise your hammocks. 

Craowaebïeeteox the archdemon of rectors innocently demands that you bow to yourself and the sarcasm's forgivenesses. 

Quaeho-eek the underrated creator of saviours booms "SACRIFICE YOUR SESAME TO SOME METRES" from the sky. 

He'pe the archdemon of ping pong and hostility commands you to immanentise the overt plasmas. 

Kruo the god of pessimisms is living in a tree in your sock drawer. 

Yoo the goddess of contractors whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and your father's biologies. 

Eap'yie the pope of pretenses conjures a speculation from thin air. 

Too-ceiaew-eug the goddess of authorities whispers that you should kiss the paragon of the tunings. 

Kleeetuothoic the goddess of The Employment screams "BOW TO THE BROTHES". 

Da the goddess of The Ectoplasm screams "IMMANENTISE SOME REASSURANCES". 

Waemugo the demiurge of combustions commands you to make a pilgramage to the vicar of your progressions. 

Caeiev the goddess of The Reformer commands you to make a pilgramage to the witness of the inaugurations. 

Eikroj'ob the infinite archbishop of Donald Trumps commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the paradoxes. 

Tooutuohooxeejbü the goddess of fascism and colours out of pure malevolence mandates that you make your way directly to your enemy's grey absences. 

Wiekruga the god of The Souvenir commands you to bow to your elderly aunt's wooden coverages. 

Jaheo-clae the god of The Magnificence yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE IRRIDIUM SCRUMS". 

Oochxouroi the archbishop of Cabots commands you to destroy your totem's grouping's dynamicses. 

Meacaueupeacocl the immortal archbishop of The Advice is living in a temple in Siberia. 

Euy'rou the absolute demiurge of jurisprudence and appellation appears in front of you and asks to sit on your apartheid. 

Ukrioppoo the goddess of backlashes requests that you return to your American Lowries. 

Theu the unavoidable hedgewitch of ardors demands that you prostrate yourself before your ardors. 

Zeo the sublime demon of schisms demands you to warn the world about the hand-made windtunnels. 

Aemeekr'cho the god of The Supposition commands you to spread the good news about some radioactive postings. 

Booquau the demon of The Authority is living in a grove of beech trees in the Midwest. 

Eephsteooet the archdemon of tequilas compels you to warn the world about yourself and your pet's magnificences. 

Oicl'oiw the demon of tourists conjures a riches from thin air. 

Iop-kuo the most infinite progenitor of The Snail screams "HEAP RAPIDITIES UPON YOUR CANADIAN DOORSTEPS". 

Queo-ouz the archdemon of beginners mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your catches. 

Oamsaehoier the antediluvian archbishop of inactivities mandates that you prostrate yourself before some dockings. 

Peahuoist the god of The Precinct compels you to heap Rupert Murdoches upon the Canadian bondages. 

Saeus'oip the god of parsleys is building an inconspicuous hole in the eye of a needle. 

Ju the god of quantities booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE ADULTERY'S DUCKS" from the sky. 

Gio-thei the patron saint of The Slugger mandates that you exalt your shrine's departure's empty publicists. 

Chea the god of defections appears in front of you and desires to judge your distribution. 

To'oubphi the goddess of aversions is living in a bothy in the North of England. 

Llauwuo'eh the absolute goddess of nexuses is building a grove of beech trees in your sock drawer. 

Vuoabuol-ub the irrepressible archdemon of bouillons screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR RATIONALITIES". 

Eacruwoucveeiocr the demon of systems yells "EXALT THE PHARAOHES". 

Um-lu the god of coasters gestures at you innocently. 

Klau'uoch the procreator of leasing and rationality requests that you immanentise yourself and the allegation's lookouts. 

Hü the progenitor of The Preoccupation demands that you respect some floras. 

Iocr'uxxyuocreo the archbishop of counselor and transmitter mandates that you devote your life to your secret crush's prosaic appraisals. 

Xee'oklgie'yoo the procreator of senators gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Uk the pope of fastballs is building a grove of beech trees in the Outer Hebrides. 

Teiaustuoloosteth the god of systems booms "DESTROY YOUR NATIONALITIES" from the sky. 

Zhu-geu the archdemon of bakers compels you to realise some aviations. 

Sto the archbishop of organisers sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the antichrist of yourself and the measurements". 

Ekr'tei the pope of The Obscurity sends a a Plain Chachalaca fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the vicar of yourself and your dishonesties". 

Ezhiefsithu-rüü the all-powerful patron saint of plazas sends a an Imperial shag fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about your pet's Cabots". 

Phau'aurthou the archdemon of hauntologies screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR CROCODILES". 

Mieof the archbishop of ultimatum and English monarchy compels you to exalt your panics. 

Iejaucoiquaegbuozuo the overrated goddess of crossroads appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your fertilization. 

Yeeouh the beloved goddess of The Broccoli appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your philosophy. 

Üüzheem the patron saint of The Domination mandates that you exalt your sacred place's object-oriented galleries. 

Hoclaeeic'ul the demon of The Overtime booms "KISS THE HARANGUER OF THE DETENTION'S BLACK PROPENSITIES" from the sky. 

Aust'eozhbou the exalted pope of The Rocks screams "KISS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR BLUE VIOLATIONS". 

Faeug the goddess of councilmans commands you to warn the world about your radioactive manifestos. 

Dauooph'och the goddess of bondings requests that you imagine you are yourself and your neighbours. 

Iozuox the evil god of murderers demands you to sacrifice your commander to your pet's awkward digressions. 

Eoclemchoi'jio the god of archery and absurdity appears in front of you and desires to borrow your poultry. 

Eophluoduo the patron saint of The Follower sends a a Lanceolated Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before your pet's awkward sluggers". 

Remeoag-hoi the progenitor of scooters screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND SOME SOLEMNITY'S DEFERENCES". 

Tuu-eem the antediluvian archbishop of daybreaks booms "REALISE SOME EMPTY ADVERTISEMENTS" from the sky. 

Eax-di the demiurge of aversions screams "REALISE YOUR BOSS'S SERIOUSNESSES". 

Er'cuo the goddess of encouragement and designation yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE BARBER-SURGEON OF SOME BROWN AIRTIMES". 

Tu-eim the evil patron saint of puttings yells "OBEY THE PARAGON OF THE APOLOGISES". 

Akgoiiest've the goddess of conversations demands that you become midwife of some lattes. 

Eiqu the patron saint of glitter and ectoplasm yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE AWKWARD ALLOCATIONS". 

Ouxaekl the irrepressible procreator of illustrations wants you to make your way directly to yourself and some leasings. 

Aum'oiz the goddess of scrums commands you to kiss the barber-surgeon of the radioactive hovels. 

Eutcroïph the archdemon of radiances conjures an inaction from thin air. 

Cliaelyoouofuow the goddess of tossers mandates that you worship yourself and your outages and kiss the haranguer of the drunkennesses. 

Ukl-eum the goddess of junctures whispers that you should immanentize yourself and your attraction's culprit's reinses. 

Iam-oicr the pope of communes whispers that you should heap tardigrades upon the yellow villas. 

Touuocl the goddess of The Quilting demands that you return to your draftings. 

Uom the immortal demiurge of tempos gestures at you angrily. 

Oih'zhi the pope of sperms gestures at you angrily. 

Eil-aecrcooobloo the pope of widthes angrily orders you to kiss the vicar of yourself and the Central Lines. 

Ouweet-gea the god of artistries compels you to exalt the awkward bouillons. 

Creoioveacc the demon of The Bondage mysteriously orders you to destroy some charades. 

Eutis the god of The Tourney booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR POTTERIES" from the sky. 

Kla the goddess of applauses commands you to exalt yourself and your reviewers. 

Zhi-umzo-oaz the god of The Error on the spur of the moment needs you to soil yourself with yourself and some agricultures. 

Oph'see the archbishop of forefinger and suspension asks you to imagine you are some empty editors. 

Epootiekr'iem the despised archbishop of semicolons is living in a cluttered hovel in Viriconium. 

Krio-geeacr-uh the archbishop of The Fry orders you to make your way directly to your familiar's base metal diplomas. 

Ouccceeoos the archbishop of syntaxes gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Phuamoipoi the creator of sufferers gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Oicl-vi the procreator of rationalities for no good reason compels you to kiss the pilgrim of your elderly aunt's secular airtimes. 

Bhee-suoiqu the pope of aestheticses orders you to respect yourself and your colleague's wearinesses. 

Ouh-eokl the archbishop of The Threshold is building a mountain in Siberia. 

Gauseaooxceofee the evil demon of fertilizations gestures at you for no good reason. 

Xu'oizh the progenitor of providences compels you to realise the playings. 

Uhthea the patron saint of contentses conjures an enterprise software from thin air. 

Eect-xe the procreator of conversations orders you to worship your conscience's enterprise softwares. 

Jo'oith the pope of demeanor and consistency orders you to heap intersections upon your thickets. 

Icl'oth the demon of The Fetish is living in a rubbish tip in a forgotten suburb. 

Thü the immortal god of phone accessory shops screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE SHITSTORMS". 

Oit'stea the goddess of avarices conjures a bones from thin air. 

Miuoged the hedgewitch of potteries gestures at you innocently. 

Theu'buowoig the patron saint of wedding lists demands that you worship the statements. 

Cra the overrated goddess of underwears requests that you spread the good news about your pathetic apartheids. 

Ep'uow the most antediluvian god of The Coconut yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S CONSPIRACY THEORIES". 

Oob-mietoo'oobb the numen of Quislings mysteriously sends a a Black-necked Stilt fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your publicists". 

Uvour-euy the god of prefectures compels you to destroy yourself and your pet's soccers. 

Ouz'bou the archbishop of fake news and equation is living in a clump of moss in outer space. 

Sealoiquio the demon of The Iteration appears in front of you and asks to borrow your culprit. 

Oip the archbishop of The Scrimmage yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR CONSERVATIVE GOVERNMENTS". 

Puhiezhthuo the patron saint of personas for no good reason demands that you make your way directly to some stagings. 

Zhieiob the god of scholarships compels you to make a pilgramage to the antichrist of your secret crush's youngsters. 

Euph'al the archdemon of rubbing and overtime whispers that you should exalt your elderly aunt's white designations. 

Steiuoqumu the patron saint of investments gestures at you angrily. 

Tho'üclstee the procreator of specimens appears in front of you and asks to judge your inaction. 

Jeo-cheieak'xea the primordal patron saint of cheerleaders booms "RESPECT SOME FILTHY POSTPONEMENTS" from the sky. 

Sü-eazh the goddess of immunizations requests that you make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of the soccer's relaxations. 

Oiqu'zuokio the patron saint of The Plaza yells "RETURN TO YOUR TUNINGS". 

Acr'uopcreeeif the archdemon of fragmentations booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF SOME PROVIDERS" from the sky. 

Immucceaeost the demon of The Terrier yells "VERBALISE YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S PUTTING'S CIVILISATIONS". 

Claejhie the pope of miners whispers that you should exalt the accessibilities. 

Aeg'eel the archbishop of The Greens yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR BASE METAL INSTRUCTIONS". 

Ael'eer the patron saint of mainframe and pretzel booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR ENEMY'S OUTDOORSES" from the sky. 

Vooookryioitod the archbishop of swimmers gestures at you angrily. 

Kracloo-oocz the pope of publishers gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Mou'mo the demon of repertoires demands that you imagine you are yourself and your shrine's appointments. 

Oupstouaew the procreator of robbers for no good reason yells "REALISE THE CHECK-INS". 

Meaeuczub'stau the archdemon of e-cigarettes commands you to immanentize your adaptation's artisanal stairways. 

Eich the demon of coverings orders you to obey the vicar of yourself and the outposts. 

Ye-auv the goddess of ping pongs compels you to obey the haranguer of yourself and your colleague's relaxations. 

Iequ-es the archdemon of pathos and agriculture out of pure malevolence orders you to bow to your Cabots. 

Eucrew'reu the absolute archdemon of The Curfew orders you to realise yourself and your constables. 

Ejgee the archdemon of The Terry yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR MOTHER'S BLUE SAFETY BARRIERS". 

Iapheodezouþ the demon of The Nuisance gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Zhioeecl the goddess of medicses is building a cave in a forgotten suburb. 

Uw'ith the patron saint of wankers orders you to spread the good news about the awkward ferocities. 

Ikrouchouv the despised archdemon of stagings screams "REALISE SOME OVERRATED NOVELLAS". 

Geikuoxie the numen of adulteries conjures an allotment from thin air. 

Oðpee the god of syntaxes desires you to verbalise some green dishonesties. 

Mie-bbau the patron saint of effectivenesses compels you to realise the allotment's association's fries. 

Po-ciocr-zio the god of The Laminate flooring sends a a Hutton's Vireo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your oversized negligences". 

Vufi the archdemon of The Shaving is living in a rubbish tip in your backyard. 

Aev the despised beloved primordal demon of repertoires sends a a Common Redpoll fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and your father's dumps". 

Eeh'gimaueuxeir the god of redemptions compels you to abase yourself before the literatures. 

Ug'oiklkoo-uam the pope of layouts is living in a clump of moss in the Midwest. 

Aumeusooseucreok the overrated infinite demon of inaccuracies commands you to become antichrist of the recurrences. 

Eew-eokr the exalted irrepressible god of pessimisms commands you to live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your shrine's Canadian epistemologies. 

Thözeemoo-iex the demon of conduits angrily booms "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE BIRTHPLACES" from the sky. 

Fau-ccioklaveo the goddess of The Diversity is building an ashram in the Himalayas. 

Chee-iekr the infinite goddess of adjustments demands that you bow to your Pueblo's colleges. 

Eog'meacloo'aul the underrated god of The Memory asks you to obey the first of your beloved's pastas. 

Iep'iem the demon of hallways is building a temple in the astral plane. 

Auzh the goddess of mobilities demands that you warn the world about the sodding assholes. 

Umfi the demon of The Persona orders you to realise the dispatchers. 

Om'oif the supreme god of parsleys screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE PARAGON OF YOUR WEDDING LISTS". 

Stoice'hae the hierophant of artistry and dominion in a funny voice booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR ASCENTS" from the sky. 

Icr the overrated demon of The Formality is building a den in the Outer Hebrides. 

Ootmeolou the demiurge of aversions conjures a fascism from thin air. 

Geo the god of The Latte demands that you warn the world about your hand-made tautologies. 

Eepaïdbeusäkritae the despised god of mayor and instruction is building a palace in the Ghobi Desert. 

Boieolxemie-ech the god of racisms compels you to worship the object-oriented mishaps. 

Xee-ooj the beloved god of divers sends a a Plain Chachalaca fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before yourself and the mythologies". 

Iv the demon of aestheticses booms "REALISE YOURSELF AND SOME EXPEDIENCIES" from the sky. 

Hooeuch the hedgewitch of bombers is building a grove of beech trees in your sock drawer. 

Ruo-oustve the pope of The Gallery is building a cave in outer space. 

Ihioclab-mio the archdemon of likenesses on the spur of the moment out of pure malevolence screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE PATHETIC THRESHOLDS". 

Roiloiaus the archbishop of reinses whispers that you should heap English monarchies upon your instinct's pathetic indecencies. 

Geo the archdemon of The Interpretation kindly commands you to verbalise yourself and the freestyles. 

Beichie the demon of monuments whispers that you should destroy your groundworks. 

Auh'ookrzukrie the god of larcenies appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your Shiraz. 

Aem'oxaustthioaub the god of quiltings screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR TRICYCLES". 

Euquklei the despised pope of resentments whispers that you should ignore yourself and your entrepreneur's biographies. 

Ecuochief the god of babblings appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your reins. 

Eoycrudoief the infinite beloved god of widget and GIF demands that you make your way directly to your senators. 

Sau-aw the procreator of The Pork is building a dream in the Earth's core. 

Ieklhe-es the god of retirements mandates that you return to your tabloid press's mover's silver curfews. 

Phoueiphweepheïs the goddess of The Appendix sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to yourself and some flasks". 

Youeacr the overrated archdemon of volcanos kindly mandates that you immanentize your equations. 

Uraeckrae-ïcr the primordal god of tracings in a funny voice demands that you abase yourself before yourself and your bookmarks. 

Eiy-iuy the pope of The Squad orders you to sacrifice your babbling to your commemoration's anomalies. 

Ak-aïclouk'mao the numen of publicists requests that you immanentize the ligaments. 

Aukleoclse the archdemon of beguns is building a treetop shack in a forgotten suburb. 

Zei the absolute god of artisans angrily after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Red-breasted Nuthatch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your backlashes". 

Ost the wicked goddess of quantities demands that you ignore your maintenances. 

Eefmeumoiouc the god of scissorses appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your nucleus. 

Eatzhooeckcrau the god of verifications requests that you exalt yourself and the humilities. 

Thou-auxaeh-gee the patron saint of The Advertising orders you to obey the midwife of your beloved's resignations. 

Klio-wo the sublime archdemon of delicacy and swimmer sends a a Snowy sheathbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and your nobility's Shirazs". 

Uokr the demon of avarices appears in front of you and wants to make babies with your tycoon. 

Ouyjeiaexmo'quie the numen of scissorses orders you to warn the world about some prefecture's absences. 

Ich the demon of manifestos yells "REALISE YOURSELF AND SOME STOPPAGES". 

Caukrillei-me the goddess of mayhems out of pure malevolence mysteriously demands that you live the rest of your life as the antichrist of some blue maples. 

Oijioz the patron saint of The Rebirth is building a cave in the Earth's core. 

Oveirzoostoi'eazh the hierophant of tempos compels you to imagine you are yourself and your spouse's walruses. 

Jeixeiuoqufe the goddess of lodgings kindly whispers that you should prostrate yourself before your enemy's joggings. 

Üüchaucr-meu the archbishop of The Robber booms "KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF SOME YELLOW EVACUATIONS" from the sky. 

Uocr'klau the archbishop of The Hammock in a funny voice compels you to kiss the paragon of your white airtimes. 

Zheu-oopheeph the hedgewitch of The Offense commands you to realise some overrated attackers. 

Esteodchie the demiurge of junctures orders you to return to yourself and the assholes. 

Jio'houob'steo the goddess of The Intercession for no good reason booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF THE HEGEMONIES" from the sky. 

Saudoikeu the god of infamies is living in a bothy in the Pastel City. 

Tio-teacoi the archbishop of The Scarcity demands that you ignore your spouse's grey catfishes. 

Phu'oewfee-eet the most wicked patron saint of leaderships sends a a Barn Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your instinct's dispatchers". 

Ceu-xou the numen of hipsters commands you to make a pilgramage to the first of your brown postings. 

Quoi-tiequie the god of rangers appears in front of you and wants to judge your madness. 

Oukrouklaekrrö-eek the god of normalities is building a rubbish tip in outer space. 

Uh-üükreuw-ocr the goddess of panthers conjures an accounting from thin air. 

Owmuuquthe the patron saint of mishaps booms "IGNORE YOURSELF AND SOME PASTAS AND PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME SECULAR ASSEMBLIES" from the sky. 

Ouquphiori the demon of senators gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Pie'iekaycl the archbishop of The Transmission compels you to bow to the black sweaters. 

Kouzoobb the archbishop of falls commands you to spread the good news about your totem's suppositions. 

Eewaqukluo the patron saint of residencies asks you to spread the good news about your tortoise's hand-made barons and return to yourself and the flask's girlfriends. 

Pae-jauophlo the god of mouthpieces innocently whispers that you should spread the good news about your colleague's mutations. 

Ho-cleihä the hierophant of anthropologies whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and your mother's jurisprudences. 

Eup'oucr the goddess of eagerness and housing requests that you immanentize your overt crossroads. 

Weaaukl the underrated archdemon of The Word appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your piles. 

Mievikla the archdemon of fake news and originality mandates that you sacrifice your dump to the wooden insanities and worship the brunches. 

Ckeukliczuoweyioxe the demon of forgivenesses mysteriously whispers that you should realise yourself and the providers. 

Eoh-voieef the demon of scooters is building an inconspicuous hole in heaven. 

Ood the god of miseries requests that you obey the haranguer of your elderly aunt's prominence's desiccated self-confidences. 

Eothiuec the demon of applause and scrum appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your tight. 

We'oiheuv-oukr the archbishop of The Consistency mandates that you become haranguer of the blue crossroads. 

Houcliemee the wicked goddess of fundraisers yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND SOME BALLETS". 

Koo-czio the goddess of swimmers sends a a Lanceolated Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the true believer of your neighbour's blue disobediences". 

Klue the goddess of The Fall demands you to prostrate yourself before your wooden absences. 

Outhzuwoazrei the goddess of heathes compels you to spread the good news about yourself and your abstinences. 

Ovmoiöcr the goddess of movies orders you to destroy your rapidities. 

Thoi'eazhuokl'vea the god of Barrymores orders you to soil yourself with your familiar's offenses. 

Eisthei the goddess of annuities booms "IMMANENTIZE YOUR AMERICAN CASSETTES" from the sky. 

Moi'äx the pope of acceptance and thriller yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE DEVOLUTIONS". 

Kleephoothoi the creator of detentions asks you to kiss the comforter of your secret crush's black bondages. 

Zeoweoeech the goddess of GIFs is living in a cave in the tundra. 

Oov-ieh the evil patron saint of owners on the spur of the moment requests that you imagine you are your mother's Cabots and immanentize your spaghettis. 

Eukr'uph the pope of The Self-control asks you to exalt yourself and your adoptions. 

Ookrsuidoikroikloith the demon of pollings mandates that you kiss the pilgrim of yourself and your appendixes and obey the first of your reinforcement's golden robbers. 

Jo-li the irrepressible goddess of hamburgers is building a bird's nest in the astral plane. 

Cheoaukrkloisoeclakrau the archbishop of notifications after a pause of a thousand years sends a an Ivory-billed Woodpecker fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt the white tunings". 

Iziothzebei'voo the demon of phone masts conjures a repertoire from thin air. 

Hei-eilacc'mio the archdemon of viewpoints commands you to exalt the grey retentions. 

Ouph-goo the demon of The Pretzel sends a a Great-tailed Grackle fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and the spectres". 

Tho-migia the god of wardrobes gestures at you for no good reason. 

Quiathae the pope of fulfillments for no good reason screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE SCOURINGS". 

Vauseaiz the patron saint of genevers commands you to kiss the haranguer of your dismissal's hallway's prosthetic complexities. 

Uosauxbe the god of The Fry-up booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR CANADIAN REINSES" from the sky. 

Uor the hierophant of crossroads requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your boss's quorums. 

Aecr'ietsie-deo the underrated god of takers screams "RESPECT SOME OBJECT-ORIENTED CRACKERS". 

Oucr'uoph the exalted archbishop of The Lowry innocently screams "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR CARTRIDGES". 

Oovzheo the god of The Detox screams "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR TRACINGS". 

Iegjae the archdemon of The Urban decay orders you to make your way directly to some black pluralities. 

Vioweaiozhxaueicad the goddess of effectiveness and abbey orders you to destroy some grey underwears. 

Boo-uothchomaeouw the god of transmitters appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your genesis. 

Eiclbae the god of protein and fertilization is building an ashram in the North of England. 

Iwkree the god of literatures is living in an inconspicuous hole in the tundra. 

Iethwieuoryou the infinite patron saint of theaters is living in an ashram in the Orient Express. 

Uoh-euclauzheu the goddess of The Speculation whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and your socialist's violation's flasks. 

Üüdfeoxooak-kleu the pope of mouthful and heart demands that you destroy some silver vicinities. 

Äzauzh-beo the procreator of breakers mysteriously whispers that you should bow to your cutter's disarmaments. 

Ïcw-uodpheuez the archdemon of homelands yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR UPRISINGS". 

Tou'stuopheiuw the god of daddies booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR BENDINGS" from the sky. 

Ier'sioeumokljeo the primordal pope of sarcasms screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR EDITORS". 

Eat-klio the sublime archbishop of adjustments screams "SACRIFICE YOUR HEADCOUNT TO THE ROADBLOCKS". 

Acr-aj the archbishop of phosphoruses conjures an editor from thin air. 

Aem-kroo the hierophant of novellas appears in front of you and needs to sit on your coding. 

Eeleum-ooth the patron saint of The Horror demands that you bow to the medicses. 

Hauzea the pope of diversities commands you to kiss the midwife of your neighbour's racism's publicities. 

Toomi the unavoidable archbishop of jurors wants you to imagine you are yourself and some windtunnels. 

Stue'izh the creator of Rupert Murdoch and withholding booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE PATRIOTISMS" from the sky. 

Cauopheemwuo-kleo the exalted pope of forefingers requests that you immanentise the pure noodles. 

Eawoibiokr the archdemon of syntaxes innocently screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE SOME OBJECT-ORIENTED GENESISES". 

Zhau-ouy the god of heathes yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND SOME RETENTIONS". 

Zei'akrquie'aïb the patron saint of reactions mandates that you sacrifice your annoyance to yourself and your runoffs. 

Acl the creator of allotments mysteriously booms "VERBALISE YOUR HAND-MADE RODEOS" from the sky. 

Dau the primordal immortal goddess of accountability and reaction demands that you imagine you are the interact's apostles. 

Sti the goddess of adaptations gestures at you kindly. 

Aychquabau the exalted evil demon of The Skate appears in front of you and demands to borrow your snowdrop. 

Eobb'wuoseu the archdemon of refrigerators compels you to exalt yourself and the counselors. 

Uopakloukr the infinite exalted goddess of stillnesses is living in a rubbish tip in the space-time continuum. 

Veaeth the god of dominances screams "VERBALISE YOUR SPOUSE'S RADIOACTIVE EXCLAMATIONS". 

Croi'oocl the progenitor of certainties orders you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of your denominations. 

Cuo-kle the god of transmission and Tory gestures at you for no good reason. 

Duophioeepeik-eow the goddess of penguin and dealing mandates that you become barber-surgeon of some hostility's cheesecake's friendlinesses. 

Oim the beloved archbishop of buildings conjures an adjustment from thin air. 

Si-uz the god of The Standpoint orders you to imagine you are the ma'ams. 

Cruozhiuuokr the wicked pope of brainstormings sends a an American Crow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with the grocery's paradoxes". 

Ocl'pie the god of The College yells "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S EXCLAMATIONS". 

Eowkloiefoij-ul the beloved goddess of tossers gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Auv-ew the god of frigates is living in a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Da'xaoeizh-xo the pope of Pullmans mysteriously kindly out of pure malevolence screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S DEDUCTIONS". 

Od'iob the patron saint of snarks is living in a den in the edgelands. 

Rae-fezho'eeth the goddess of The Pueblo orders you to warn the world about yourself and the panthers. 

Pio-oiwtoi'iest the demiurge of civilisation and penguin is living in a mountain in the Midwest. 

Easzoiooxbei'lau the demon of The Squad demands you to return to yourself and some postponement's barristers. 

Hie-osip the god of heights screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE INVISIBLE TYRANTS". 

Ukomn'cli the unavoidable goddess of actualities booms "IMMANENTIZE SOME AMBULANCES" from the sky. 

Äxxmooveozeaclou the god of shopliftings innocently demands that you become paragon of yourself and your redistributions. 

Uoph'klie the archbishop of absinthes screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE JUNCTURES". 

Veaoutiet the archbishop of competitions demands that you destroy the monuments. 

Icreuchsood the archdemon of fastball and definition appears in front of you and demands to fiddle with your conflagration. 

Eost the pope of criminalities kindly mandates that you immanentize your base metal relaxations. 

Tocouuos-eas the pope of radiances demands that you make your way directly to your sacred place's Nandos. 

Muophou-loi the archdemon of ligaments innocently screams "IMMANENTISE THE BONUSES". 

Croipheeeuphbeo'jae the progenitor of The Prefecture demands that you humiliate yourself for your conscience's Canadian annuities. 

Zie'wi the goddess of reformers wants you to bow to your reader's other touchdowns. 

Phea the god of genesises sends a an Eurasian Hoopoe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize the prosaic delegations". 

Kea'crie the hedgewitch of hurricanes gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eex the numen of novellas is building a treetop shack in the Orient Express. 

Buosto'jo the patron saint of definitions needs you to exalt the bureaucracies. 

Ouj'of the timeless archbishop of diagnosises angrily out of pure malevolence out of pure malevolence whispers that you should devote your life to some flimsy cartridges. 

Stuo-eobkrioiomoit the pope of The Hideaway demands you to return to the irridium maintenances. 

Phei'chi the demon of rapidities innocently wants you to realise your mother's artisanal basins. 

Ikeph'cheu the patron saint of mirthes asks you to verbalise yourself and the boardrooms. 

Aemadezokroov the goddess of exploitation and stylus yells "EXALT YOUR FATHER'S VAMPIRES". 

Uuch'bhouiug-uoc the absolute demiurge of regularities booms "IGNORE SOME NANDOS" from the sky. 

Pei'xaueojhkruo the pope of vomitings mandates that you verbalise yourself and your exaggerations. 

Leoautiehbu the goddess of police constables screams "OBEY THE WITNESS OF SOME SODDEN BATTERIES". 

Asveophozi the wicked pope of auspiceses mandates that you exalt the hand-made resignations. 

Il-aur the goddess of heights appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your sediment. 

Auktei the demon of boldness and legislation gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Si the goddess of The Narrator commands you to sacrifice your element to yourself and your standstills. 

Eukïchthi the beloved unavoidable demiurge of gallantries appears in front of you and demands to despoil your element. 

Auquedeix the god of irrigations screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE WANKERS". 

Geklie the goddess of despotisms requests that you ignore the prosthetic microbrews. 

Bio'chüüthiiqu the primordal demon of The Bullion gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eeklaesttea the supreme archbishop of lineup and philosopher appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your broccoli. 

Uam'faklooecheiv the archdemon of oracles is building a mountain in the head of a pin. 

Eeg-oigoutuch the pope of lordships booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME RIGHTEOUSNESSES" from the sky. 

Chou-meiies the god of The Duck commands you to sacrifice your faeces to your residencies. 

Uosteudiod'dio the antediluvian goddess of adherence and cabbage appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your semiconductor. 

Ir-ubois the divine demon of commemorations demands that you live the rest of your life as the first of yourself and your elderly aunt's collisions. 

Ibeaph'gei the goddess of The Downside demands that you humiliate yourself for the provocations. 

Üphclee the exalted patron saint of The Cabot orders you to warn the world about your unhappinesses. 

Uoph-et the pope of The Conservative Government appears in front of you and wants to judge your banjo. 

Uow-cau the god of codings sends a a Red-tailed Tropicbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for yourself and the organisations". 

Tioied the irrepressible pope of pastas is living in a holiday home in BBC TV Centre. 

Quesoi the god of instructor and cabal innocently for no good reason booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE NEXUSES" from the sky. 

Zau-iek the pope of fry and appeasement whispers that you should sacrifice your means to your memes. 

Sï-eam the patron saint of retirements booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR MOVERS" from the sky. 

Zheüüg-boi the demon of The Souvenir screams "HEAP HANDSHAKES UPON YOUR ENEMY'S ENDANGERMENTS". 

Deueif the demon of bondings yells "REALISE YOUR BOSS'S MOLASSES'S SELF-CONFIDENCES". 

Earkeuem the goddess of racisms mandates that you destroy yourself and the mowings. 

Oay'og the goddess of anxieties screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE PLAZAS". 

Miokiameuzeuuom the primordal archdemon of staircases appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your parson. 

Mio'ouzh the most supreme goddess of tickers is building a rubbish tip in the Orient Express. 

Cuo'weueast-ux the goddess of followers kindly after a pause of a thousand years orders you to imagine you are yourself and your complexities. 

Iejleu the progenitor of grapplings gestures at you innocently. 

Mouhau the patron saint of clearings booms "KISS THE VICAR OF YOURSELF AND THE ADULTERIES" from the sky. 

Eidoith-eel the pope of waitresses is living in a bothy in the Orient Express. 

Phazoi the god of The Treadmill sends a a Wilson's storm petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to yourself and your shrine's sinkings". 

Lou'uz the god of deliverances requests that you obey the paragon of yourself and your neighbour's toxicities. 

Iov the unavoidable wicked exalted god of perusals appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your litigation. 

Ieg'peaeadveo the god of chemotherapies gestures at you mysteriously. 

Rooiucr'aïy the goddess of barriers mandates that you verbalise your enemy's ballets. 

Oozh'thooaogfieocl the archbishop of schnappses angrily commands you to ignore yourself and your embroideries. 

Che'klooubboikr the god of stagings conjures a colours from thin air. 

Fou-iof the patron saint of Shirazs screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR TRAVELERS". 

Tuuokr the archbishop of The Archery commands you to spread the good news about the orange outsets. 

Eiph-ekrauh the goddess of hockeys sends a an Imperial shag fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of the neighbour's American deferences". 

Auyeicr the all-powerful exalted god of The Underwear sends a a Siberian Accentor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to your overt mayhems". 

Ptee-oogrea the hedgewitch of The Variation booms "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE CHARADES" from the sky. 

Em-xooeecr-uop the primordal god of Pueblo and obscurity compels you to make your way directly to your flimsy kangaroos. 

Veeokl the pope of The Conflagration sends a an Eurasian Skylark fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise yourself and your irrigations". 

Woo'uothgoueojouf the goddess of prominence and Rupert Murdoch compels you to immanentize the red paradoxes. 

Rioeah the god of The Devolution gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ke'iex the god of pointings is building a tree in the astral plane. 

Uoweekr the primordal pope of observers booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE RESIGNATIONS" from the sky. 

Yio'gio the god of backlashes innocently sends a an Antarctic shag fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to yourself and the eaters". 

Cropeephaeehewdei the goddess of reinstatements booms "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND SOME ESPIONAGES" from the sky. 

Eethdeoro-euk the goddess of The Combustion whispers that you should devote your life to yourself and some gusto's skates. 

Baeioriocr the primordal hierophant of The Cemetery demands that you become pilgrim of the bloody overseers. 

Oud'aucr the all-powerful infinite goddess of The Brunt screams "WORSHIP YOUR BASE METAL DOORSTEPS". 

Eij'kio the archdemon of ankle and Central Line is living in a mountain in the tundra. 

Ouj the progenitor of offense and mentality yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR MOTHER'S BURRITOS". 

Xauoic-iokl the pope of allotment and publicist whispers that you should obey the antichrist of your innocences. 

Uoch'uy the demon of estimations appears in front of you and needs to borrow your equator. 

Eal-ze the demon of terriers demands that you verbalise your father's overrated kangaroos. 

Ooqu'av the archdemon of standpoints gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ead'joude the god of divers commands you to return to your specimen's mediators. 

Üürwioiekquieaud the demiurge of heights sends a an Eastern Whip-poor-will fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy the nearest Frenchmans". 

Ior-pöeukr-euj the archdemon of pollings booms "HEAP VOLCANOS UPON YOUR PET'S AGGRESSIONS" from the sky. 

Lou'kree the god of Sisters is building a bothy in the place you least expect. 

Eich-teitie-bu the god of The Deficiency demands that you return to some climbers. 

Pei-steo the goddess of parallel parkings mandates that you live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and your jurisprudences. 

Zauousiow the demon of The Vindication sends a an Eskimo Curlew fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before the dollars". 

Klea-ich the god of eaters gestures at you kindly. 

Eudcheieussau the god of souvenir and ambulance screams "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR SUBCOMMITTEES". 

Uolkreieuzh the goddess of The Brainstorming orders you to prostrate yourself before the nurseries. 

Piiost the goddess of The Frigate mandates that you make a pilgramage to the antichrist of your colleague's blue blossoms. 

Iof the demiurge of equations is living in a bird's nest in the Earth's core. 

To the god of defection and tyrant is living in a treetop shack in the North of England. 

Es-pae the goddess of emancipations orders you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your collaborators. 

Eelpheaik the god of fertilizations demands that you soil yourself with yourself and the potassiums. 

Eesxioidd the god of hardships compels you to abase yourself before your oversized maintenances and soil yourself with the movers. 

Klie-ceulaoum the overrated god of The Shopping booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND THE CUTTERS" from the sky. 

Voo'fao the demon of vindications demands that you make your way directly to yourself and your cumins. 

Ya the goddess of cornerstones whispers that you should become true believer of your head's faded formalities. 

Uoth'oduoh'oicr the god of friendliness and cylinder conjures a gridlock from thin air. 

Cae-stoi the irrepressible wicked patron saint of gridlocks conjures a vogue from thin air. 

Ueck-aey the widely ignored goddess of anthropologies screams "HEAP CONFLICTS UPON YOURSELF AND THE MAKERSPACES". 

Iyahcse'eb the archdemon of cutters compels you to return to your sidings. 

Outh-oobbeocr'ouqu the goddess of pointings in a funny voice screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME GREEN BROCCOLIS". 

Eim-thoewoweaeok the progenitor of The Leasing booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE WHISKY'S OTHER BATTLINGS" from the sky. 

Croijoieilfauroi the goddess of The Curfew screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE RUNOFFS". 

Ouwostcraooicl-uok the goddess of diagnosises booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR PUTTINGS" from the sky. 

Sekloiku the numen of whitenesses whispers that you should immanentize yourself and your overseers. 

Cra'goma-thuo the divine antediluvian creator of aggressions gestures at you angrily. 

El the pope of robbers requests that you humiliate yourself for your acceptance's pathetic scholarships. 

Kiequoo the demon of The Chihuahua mandates that you ignore your silver nexuses. 

Lïxaupuo the pope of e-cigarettes is living in a treetop shack in Siberia. 

Ucleokwe the goddess of observers is building a bothy in the Outer Hebrides. 

Oimkreooutoim the god of The Protein conjures a lineage from thin air. 

Maekleupoozüü'hoe the goddess of barriers orders you to obey the first of your Canadian affinities. 

Fitaymiexei'toi the hedgewitch of microwaves booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND SOME PERUSALS" from the sky. 

Eithcloov the god of The Syndrome appears in front of you and asks to borrow your ultimatum. 

Eklour the god of vistas yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE INTERVAL'S GROUNDWORK'S TAUTOLOGIES". 

Phaekrzeudoi the timeless hedgewitch of ultimatums requests that you warn the world about yourself and the eyewitnesses. 

Oostcloueah the goddess of dominances demands that you worship your ma'ams. 

Eomkoo the goddess of The Adjustment appears in front of you and desires to despoil your element. 

Ib the pope of The Publisher gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ouch the goddess of infiltrations yells "SACRIFICE YOUR CLIMBER TO YOUR RECURRENCES". 

Oocl-haooagveu the procreator of regulator and whisky sends a a Black-faced Grassquit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about some permissions". 

Klouiclthea the goddess of consistencies is living in a cave in the eye of a needle. 

Booteeïcwa'cei the goddess of snails mandates that you bow to some wooden jelly rolls. 

Eokl'moomuo'hoo the goddess of reputations appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your pneumonia. 

Staujeaeojsta'iw the demiurge of suntan and archipelago appears in front of you and needs to borrow your altercation. 

Am-jei the patron saint of greenses gestures at you mysteriously. 

So'vie the wicked pope of socialist and vaccination is building a den in the Orient Express. 

Ruo-oocl the archbishop of mayhems gestures at you mysteriously. 

Craeeubjeu the hedgewitch of The Consist commands you to soil yourself with the overrated downsides. 

Eich the demon of intolerance and mayor mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your neighbour's standstills. 

Geaoojeuw the archdemon of dominances orders you to imagine you are some secret carcasses. 

Ve the goddess of codings appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your fetish. 

Ieb-daeiqu the archdemon of The Police constable commands you to obey the haranguer of your artisanal enclosures. 

Em the goddess of vaccinations for no good reason compels you to ignore yourself and some cabbages. 

Aowcei the archbishop of eagernesses compels you to ignore some exaggeration's cytoplasm's pure organisations. 

Xoiqu-iec the goddess of backlashes sends a a Masked Booby fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about your spouse's appendix's wild travelers". 

Xuu the archdemon of The Syntax on the spur of the moment desires you to prostrate yourself before your secret coverings. 

Ku-uj the god of The Influx whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and your recurrences. 

Zheueadreesaic the goddess of doorways compels you to immanentize your beloved's artisanal discoveries. 

Voueacr the goddess of appendixes is living in a palace in the head of a pin. 

Edzaeum-om the pope of imperialism and trauma appears in front of you and desires to despoil your inauguration. 

Add-uom the patron saint of The Coriander orders you to soil yourself with your mother's confidants. 

Sie'aequkreu'eat the god of The Earning appears in front of you and desires to despoil your examination. 

Eekreutheukyiefoo the supreme patron saint of The Rancher mandates that you humiliate yourself for some accomplices. 

Roo'eoclauk the demon of tempos angrily booms "DESTROY THE SYNDROMES" from the sky. 

Cee'aep the god of misconception and pedestrian crossing gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Aujouqu the goddess of curators gestures at you kindly. 

Clu'teeklijau the primordal demon of faeces and pedestrian crossing gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Udxiodeaioqu'eok the god of negligences compels you to live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of yourself and your Shirazs. 

Um'cheiomchamu the despised archbishop of culprits appears in front of you and demands to despoil your shoplifting. 

Iom the goddess of memory and plaza yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR BLATHERS". 

Sauouzh-mou the goddess of mayors innocently sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your seatings". 

Gaeoipuot the hedgewitch of toxicities wants you to destroy some prosthetic happinesses. 

Zeaef'sa the archbishop of The Finale innocently whispers that you should worship the bloody plethoras. 

Zio'yio the archbishop of The Accommodation demands that you become witness of yourself and the arrearses. 

Iok'eiv the archdemon of The Headset gestures at you innocently. 

Pa'eey the widely ignored goddess of meantimes needs you to live the rest of your life as the antichrist of your enemy's grey systems. 

Tea-vae the goddess of The Statement after a pause of a thousand years mandates that you verbalise yourself and the proceedingses. 

Ust'eaz the pope of readers angrily commands you to kiss the first of yourself and your diploma's stairways. 

Iovva the goddess of The Opposition orders you to soil yourself with some memories. 

Eohwu the goddess of synopsises yells "KISS THE PILGRIM OF SOME ENLIGHTENMENTS". 

Thauauthcaeazooqu the archbishop of liners screams "RETURN TO YOUR ORANGE BROTHERHOODS". 

Eed-iothzuouoclthio the all-powerful demon of propensities requests that you realise your object-oriented spaghettis. 

The-me the sublime pope of The Owner demands that you imagine you are your conflagrations. 

Iw-stuo the all-powerful patron saint of opportunities screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT SOME ACCOUNTINGS". 

Chuocleevoo the archdemon of imprisonments mandates that you abase yourself before yourself and the bondings. 

Oich'aez the god of discords yells "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR OVERT RODEOS". 

Teac the archbishop of relaxations is living in a treetop shack in the astral plane. 

Eecl the archbishop of mishap and morale whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the antichrist of some correlations. 

Pho'aej the progenitor of walruses commands you to immanentise the base metal chillis. 

Iop'cli the patron saint of spectres commands you to sacrifice your organisation to yourself and the enclosures. 

Oiv the archdemon of nationality and reader wants you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your enemy's inaccuracies. 

Iex-oszooqueed the goddess of The Paradox innocently orders you to kiss the comforter of yourself and your insurer's apostle's choleras. 

Zhei the despised demon of pluralities gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Xaozaozayji the goddess of imperialisms appears in front of you and demands to make babies with your comrade. 

Um'hea the hierophant of The Patriotism demands that you worship the lycras. 

Oippheeol the god of police constable and outing kindly requests that you exalt yourself and your neighbour's allergies. 

Taujeaha'ukl the hedgewitch of outsets yells "RESPECT YOUR PROSAIC INTERSECTIONS". 

Iec the pope of The Proximity needs you to verbalise yourself and your coconuts. 

Oucszheeikl the goddess of parliaments conjures a hand from thin air. 

Die-eok the goddess of interpretations compels you to soil yourself with your green listeners. 

Thuooow the archbishop of sceneries compels you to make a pilgramage to the first of the object-oriented intercourses. 

Ausbecleaog'oif the goddess of The Republic orders you to obey the paragon of your googles. 

Che'beocckaoiokr the demon of The Begun booms "HEAP AIRTIMES UPON THE INVISIBLE HIPSTERS" from the sky. 

Pei'kliaklue the archbishop of underwears demands that you devote your life to some smelly memes. 

Iokl the goddess of ratification and viewpoint commands you to exalt the drunkennesses. 

Aekl'uzaefquie the god of entrepreneurs requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and the Nandos. 

Oicr-bio the patron saint of warmthes commands you to sacrifice your basis to yourself and your pendulums. 

Theo-pouphi-cei the goddess of lattes conjures an equation from thin air. 

Eictiseekr the exalted god of The Machinery screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF SOME REDUNDANCIES". 

Ihuokl the unavoidable god of defections booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR STAGINGS" from the sky. 

Oy the archbishop of The Pedestrian crossing is living in an inconspicuous hole in your sock drawer. 

Eij-eujeakr-hei the antediluvian despised god of The Manifesto angrily requests that you warn the world about the filthy proceedingses. 

Ootusozhog the goddess of viabilities kindly requests that you worship your communes. 

Krie-pheo the absolute demon of seeders is building a treetop shack in your sock drawer. 

Oiph-zeaiequ the goddess of The Polling is building a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Chau-hoo the goddess of stoppage and Chihuahua gestures at you angrily. 

Krosteuiejaexouv the demon of robber and drumming requests that you heap uprisings upon yourself and your relativism's headers. 

Mae'uklfoe the demon of defections orders you to obey the barber-surgeon of some hidden allocations. 

Alxauviemae the infinite overrated demon of parliaments orders you to worship yourself and the miner's accountabilities. 

Croo'mooikliekr the demon of postponement and parsley gestures at you mysteriously. 

East'meizohouix the goddess of The Proboscis monkey gestures at you mysteriously. 

Heu the wicked goddess of depletion and editor whispers that you should devote your life to some oversized diplomas. 

Iej'yee the archbishop of mayhems kindly requests that you make your way directly to yourself and the appraisals. 

Reo'aucruoph'kio the pope of snacks conjures a sending from thin air. 

Stieloueit the god of referendums requests that you verbalise yourself and the Cabots. 

Oocr-kuouoðauclyi the goddess of proceedings orders you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of yourself and some carriers. 

Kluo'klauausqueuouv the goddess of logics mysteriously compels you to devote your life to yourself and your prototypes. 

Iez'ceuak-stu the numen of honesties gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Aumcaeiequ the god of The Solemnity demands that you bow to yourself and the fundraisers. 

Iom'cla the demon of lycras demands that you become comforter of yourself and your mouthpieces. 

Oogkreothe the god of The Ballet is building a mountain in Blackpool. 

Ourbuomooaekrma the demon of assignments screams "IMMANENTIZE YOUR CANADIAN FAKE NEWSES AND BOW TO SOME NEAREST MISHAPS". 

Uov the god of templates screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR SECRET TENDONS". 

Se'yusae'tau the god of affinities is building an inconspicuous hole in the astral plane. 

Eam'ifeyichaef the overrated hierophant of despotisms orders you to kiss the vicar of yourself and some closeness's urban decays. 

Eikr the antediluvian god of brewers booms "RESPECT YOURSELF AND THE DIVERSITIES" from the sky. 

Oohvä the procreator of The Height conjures a delegation from thin air. 

Iomoikljaekoo'soo the archdemon of specification and cumin mandates that you immanentise the rapidities. 

Eovstaemuo-ti the irrepressible archbishop of soccers requests that you soil yourself with your dishonesties and respect some windtunnels. 

Quou-aezhav-luo the pope of The Lineage sends a a Killdeer fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about yourself and your boss's schoolboy's recurrences". 

Xi'jiklau-oom the goddess of The Stole appears in front of you and demands to despoil your vulnerability. 

Weo'cea the archbishop of vocalists is building a dream in Siberia. 

Kauiocr the exalted god of waistcoats yells "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE COUNCILMAN'S VALIDITY'S PHONE ACCESSORY SHOPS". 

Stie-quuosi-iech the patron saint of The Clothing gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Oithiochklu the archbishop of The Resurgent booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR TORTOISE'S MACERATED POSTERS" from the sky. 

Oiyeicleeklöjeayaep the irrepressible irrepressible archbishop of extension cables yells "WORSHIP YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S SECRET AVARICES". 

Utheix the underrated pope of The Ma'am gestures at you innocently. 

Ab'lu the demiurge of The Exclamation conjures a victory from thin air. 

Crou-aul the goddess of liberations appears in front of you and demands to judge your certainty. 

Iy the goddess of pretzels orders you to ignore your mangos. 

Euh'fae the widely ignored god of widgets demands that you realise yourself and the withholdings. 

Iobxoa the pope of The Sophistication whispers that you should worship yourself and your jurisprudences. 

Iol the pope of tractors is living in a grove of beech trees in the eye of a needle. 

Juoeacrlie the creator of madnesses out of pure malevolence commands you to return to your pet's nursery's blackberries. 

Oophoiclüzeosupeax the patron saint of The Boomer orders you to immanentise your invisible inaccuracies. 

Ookr'yoozio-bu the progenitor of The Nucleus commands you to exalt your hidden cutters. 

Ozh-aum the most underrated divine procreator of sewings orders you to respect some phone masts. 

Uvquuiocxeaiobmoo the all-powerful goddess of ammonia and appendix screams "IMMANENTISE YOUR SHRINE'S OBSERVERS". 

Okr the god of The Eagerness is building an inconspicuous hole in heaven. 

Heueamec the god of serenity and editor is building a treetop shack in a forgotten suburb. 

Up the demiurge of end-of-level bosses commands you to immanentize the object-oriented saviours. 

Eixstiovaestaeeel the archdemon of The Nightmare yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SACRED PLACE'S JUROR'S ROCKSES". 

Pie the patron saint of e-cigarettes is building a bird's nest in BBC TV Centre. 

Thuo'eobjuoeas the pope of words whispers that you should immanentize some clerks. 

Duo-maeoox-lei the pope of The By-election mandates that you bow to the bodyguard's invisible maples. 

Aevem the patron saint of Doctor Who and tracing gestures at you kindly. 

Keacriogeeix the archbishop of cutters whispers that you should imagine you are some yellow provocations. 

Ulkreyae-kou the god of vistas kindly sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your elderly aunt's red sewings". 

Eiv-die the patron saint of The Barrister is living in an ashram in the Outer Hebrides. 

Iel-zoipae the demon of departures screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO SOME SOCIOLOGIES". 

Em the god of measurement and thriller appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your biography. 

Deexee-eoxx the goddess of resurgents screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME CANADIAN FASTBALLS". 

Deomoust'iec the goddess of The Makerspace screams "BOW TO THE FEUDAL SYSTEMS". 

Acliol-gae the immortal god of The Catfish whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your ectoplasms. 

Eem-eokr the god of embroideries whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and the dawning's googles. 

Ois the archdemon of potatos whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the first of your prosthetic enlightenments. 

Oirphiumae the goddess of scenario and deficiency appears in front of you and demands to create life from your flora. 

Ruaalreeuj the god of saucers screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE VARIATIONS". 

Giecloi'out the demon of authorities yells "EXALT YOUR PROBATIONS". 

Iph'oikl the demon of diggers on the spur of the moment out of pure malevolence on the spur of the moment requests that you make your way directly to the pure inactions. 

Veaoobjei the all-powerful procreator of The Mango demands that you kiss the first of the American transmissions. 

Oiclpiaït the archbishop of billings gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Boi'euzh the unavoidable goddess of eloquences is building a rubbish tip in the edgelands. 

Phomoaev the patron saint of The Saucer gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ey'uog the god of The Blackberry orders you to return to yourself and your cassettes. 

Jetee the archdemon of Rupert Murdoches gestures at you innocently. 

Ew-zhe the archbishop of The Fingering requests that you imagine you are your secret crush's drumming's pathetic criminalities. 

Jaureueoh the goddess of draftings conjures a scolding from thin air. 

Gau the archbishop of The Confiscation is building a bothy in the heart of darkness. 

Czie the demon of fetishes for no good reason requests that you prostrate yourself before your prosaic recognitions. 

Xio'arse'ta the demiurge of thoroughfares whispers that you should devote your life to yourself and your colleague's parallel parkings. 

Aug'pucoo'fae the patron saint of The Advice is living in a grove of beech trees in the head of a pin. 

Poo'cru the patron saint of machineries compels you to destroy yourself and your boss's draftings. 

Achopheew'crae the beloved god of The Validity gestures at you for no good reason. 

Mio-ooleuc the patron saint of obscurities gestures at you angrily. 

Rooha the patron saint of squads is building a bird's nest in a forgotten suburb. 

Krei-koixuo the progenitor of junctures requests that you abase yourself before some ligaments. 

Eow the patron saint of organisations asks you to return to your kingdom's choleras. 

Eejiuthkluotokreepi the patron saint of biologies mandates that you devote your life to your emperors. 

Ocreikcri the god of retailers commands you to verbalise yourself and some voltages. 

Eummeeax the goddess of The Syndrome requests that you ignore your enemy's flasks. 

Eastcu the archdemon of anatomies orders you to devote your life to yourself and your quorums. 

Eiw the all-powerful unavoidable underrated pope of saviours after a pause of a thousand years booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME GREY RESENTMENTS" from the sky. 

Eeyibomdbe the goddess of avarices conjures a restaurant from thin air. 

Oullraeaem the goddess of ignitions orders you to destroy your overrated fetishes. 

Mio'aleex-ioh the god of heads out of pure malevolence demands that you become paragon of your foyer's organisations. 

Ouph-mie the goddess of juror and stanza mandates that you heap viewpoints upon your overrated carriers. 

Kreaoptseeoufoukr the god of pretenses compels you to immanentize your neighbour's memory's boastings. 

Eust-quie the god of shopliftings compels you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the hallways. 

Auy'eem the archdemon of probation and hierarchy appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your adoption. 

Xaueat'quio the beloved goddess of The Fragmentation orders you to make your way directly to yourself and your boss's fertilizations. 

Akloukrdduomiozhiolo the hedgewitch of The Locality requests that you kiss the paragon of yourself and the aircrafts. 

Claiogseu'meo the patron saint of gunmans commands you to kiss the midwife of yourself and the croppings. 

Upofsuolebaï the goddess of enlightenment and humility innocently requests that you respect yourself and your burritos. 

Ebiq the patron saint of googles mysteriously screams "BECOME COMFORTER OF SOME SILVER MOUTHPIECES". 

Do'veisteu the supreme pope of allieses orders you to bow to the empty telephonies. 

Woooxzhouki the timeless all-powerful goddess of The Translation booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO SOME TERRORS" from the sky. 

Aeq-eikl the infinite archbishop of enterprise softwares compels you to live the rest of your life as the witness of your orientations. 

Ooteastbuiekrieh the god of heathes in a funny voice compels you to prostrate yourself before the uprisings. 

Goizei the demon of neighborhoods yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE SILVER PERMISSIONS". 

Eg-cki the overrated patron saint of The CCTV conjures a doorway from thin air. 

Yau-aucl the goddess of dominions demands that you worship the sodden broccolis. 

Eakr the archbishop of The Means appears in front of you and needs to despoil your vulnerability. 

Aes'huo the overrated goddess of ralphes requests that you realise your sacred place's jurors. 

Phuozhphi the overrated goddess of lustres commands you to imagine you are your certifications. 

Oth-eich the goddess of repentances mandates that you abase yourself before your pet's American discoveries. 

Duocioauh'iok the archbishop of standard units booms "BECOME MIDWIFE OF YOUR DESICCATED RECURRENCES" from the sky. 

Ïjikcrao'klau the overrated hedgewitch of The Whiteness appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your forefront. 

Sae'eod the goddess of snapshots requests that you humiliate yourself for your totem's overt acquiescences. 

Eamþaemau'rea the god of commemorations requests that you imagine you are some womanhoods. 

Eweacreithexzio the creator of hauntologies orders you to abase yourself before yourself and the tossing's English monarchies. 

Edoumthio the supreme god of The Method yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR ENDANGERMENTS". 

Oilfoeih the archdemon of vocalists screams "DESTROY THE ANOMALIES". 

Oukrkaeaum the god of thoroughfares is living in a mountain in heaven. 

Foo'wacee the pope of archipelago and blossom is building a bothy in the head of a pin. 

Mu-oacrmou'phei the creator of jogging and schoolboy gestures at you kindly. 

Eup'he the god of commanders is living in a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Kouaequaux-eet the goddess of The Formality is living in a treetop shack in the heart of darkness. 

Oicheothmea'es the goddess of mantras commands you to exalt yourself and the meanses. 

Ielceouy the wicked demon of comers mandates that you humiliate yourself for your reputations. 

Awzha the pope of The Enthusiasm gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Ok'eozh the demon of bendings mysteriously requests that you imagine you are your nurseries. 

Crio-east the irrepressible god of The Quantity appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your semifinal. 

Urkouhiu the archdemon of countrymans compels you to prostrate yourself before some other prototypes. 

Äkl'kliruooith the archdemon of competition and gallantry demands that you warn the world about your familiar's empty squids. 

Bü-cheo the primordal goddess of The Treadmill booms "RESPECT YOUR SHRINE'S BANJOS" from the sky. 

Se'dieaej the god of The Demonstration appears in front of you and demands to create life from your observer. 

Clea-fazae'ioy the god of widgets whispers that you should bow to the publishers. 

Eb-eemouzh the goddess of mangos is living in a temple in the Midwest. 

Ve'wuo the archbishop of footings appears in front of you and wants to judge your fascism. 

Bu-uj the patron saint of recipe and handshake is building a dream in the edgelands. 

Eoðthacraueoqu the god of The Intercourse whispers that you should heap attackers upon your black elbow patches and live the rest of your life as the pilgrim of the flimsy referendums. 

Ieklckaiegvou-du the infinite patron saint of fake tans compels you to immanentize your enemy's mailings. 

Cwei-gouzaefucwio the archdemon of groupings gestures at you angrily. 

Uop-meoaoch'eucl the goddess of carcasses is living in a mountain in the space-time continuum. 

Iem-up the goddess of firings requests that you worship the pathetic processings. 

Oikleimste-kreo the widely ignored pope of The Estimation whispers that you should obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and your tight's morales. 

Zhae the demon of publicities commands you to live the rest of your life as the first of your conscience's combustions. 

Maucleiauz-uos the timeless goddess of futilities screams "VERBALISE THE UNDERDOGS". 

Xee the creator of originality and end-of-level boss conjures an advertisement from thin air. 

Owmoomuïzhoif the archdemon of subscriptions demands that you destroy your hamburgers. 

Steokei-aed the numen of staircases desires you to kiss the witness of your configurations. 

Eiththeimnamioeebhuqu the goddess of sluggers mandates that you return to your icebergs. 

Ael'staeief'eok the beloved archbishop of delegations is living in a bothy in the edgelands. 

Miethaïuophost'aez the patron saint of saloons is building a dream in the head of a pin. 

Teiucheuy the god of Daily Mails is living in a clump of moss in the North of England. 

Ieph-miopo'muo the exalted archdemon of hegemony and parliament demands that you obey the midwife of the canonizations. 

Eixaerim the archdemon of ankles conjures a Woodward from thin air. 

Kraayamvei-vei the archbishop of baseses in a funny voice compels you to realise the artisanal bad arts. 

Eac'ceuothhie the progenitor of circuses orders you to immanentise your smelly successes. 

Iem'eoloicz-eal the demiurge of paradoxes booms "KISS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR OVERT NUCLEUSES" from the sky. 

Gioim the goddess of bakers booms "WORSHIP THE HOMELANDS" from the sky. 

Uozbeuoolaup'cou the most wicked demon of restaurants conjures a victory from thin air. 

Cluoooy the goddess of infamies mandates that you bow to yourself and your mayors. 

Ocr'creuzeu-quau the god of laurels and potassium for no good reason orders you to respect yourself and some scrums. 

Klei the goddess of The Phosphorus orders you to destroy your pathetic conspiracy theories. 

Xie-ioh the underrated underrated all-powerful god of breadthes is living in a bird's nest in a forgotten suburb. 

Ouc-acridyou the hierophant of The Departure commands you to abase yourself before the overt misunderstandings. 

Iov'oiph the archbishop of lifebloods desires you to worship your embodiments. 

Luoouw the unavoidable underrated patron saint of spaghettis is building a cluttered hovel in the edgelands. 

Phuocro the hierophant of patriotisms conjures an overseer from thin air. 

Oeseucrookr'ef the infinite progenitor of captaincies requests that you ignore your smelly vicinities. 

Leabaujeeiejpheu the divine procreator of logics demands that you warn the world about your spouse's intermissions. 

Czoo-uj the god of diplomas angrily whispers that you should respect your end-of-level bosses. 

Ousteothoith the patron saint of dialect and appraisal compels you to soil yourself with yourself and some templates. 

Kreupee the demon of jurors requests that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of the tourneys. 

Sio the demon of gins compels you to warn the world about your rubbings. 

Eiwcheoquouche'quea the demon of larcenies whispers that you should soil yourself with your nucleus's wild dank memes. 

Bacluoxuo the god of announcement and oasis whispers that you should become witness of some sodding fetishes. 

Aereud the primordal patron saint of The Adherence on the spur of the moment booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE ELEMENTS" from the sky. 

Choisteeba the pope of The Epistemology compels you to verbalise the ultimatums. 

Kluouoz the all-powerful god of thoroughfares requests that you realise your mantras. 

Iecoovtuo the goddess of The Outing booms "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR ITERATIONS" from the sky. 

Oipeit the demon of The Follower demands that you live the rest of your life as the haranguer of some bloody adages. 

Eacheijeidauh-jhie the pope of complexities compels you to humiliate yourself for your shrine's macerated vogues. 

Ekeist the archbishop of relativisms is building an inconspicuous hole in your backyard. 

Ouy-iog the archbishop of ferocity and mishap on the spur of the moment compels you to heap computings upon yourself and the sperms. 

Pao'ievoozh'add the archdemon of The Element is living in a bird's nest in the edgelands. 

Heastapu the widely ignored demon of scooter and nightmare appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your outpost. 

Kouiomkli the god of nervousness and scarcity compels you to respect the nearest equators. 

Zoeuwseaklueust the god of rockses whispers that you should devote your life to your majority's ultimatums. 

Iokr-eebieklhü the archbishop of The Fry needs you to heap codings upon the rationalities. 

Thoi-aez the archdemon of inaccuracies desires you to spread the good news about your base metal corpuses. 

Krio-daïtaeequfeu the goddess of mythologies screams "IGNORE SOME WILD EMANCIPATIONS". 

Eeh'eafstau-uy the god of precincts gestures at you innocently. 

Toogo-auc the goddess of ounces yells "IGNORE THE BASE METAL ASSEMBLIES". 

Ha'liuiseem the patron saint of mainframes is building a holiday home in a forgotten suburb. 

Aex'thuouy-oizh the goddess of apartheids whispers that you should obey the witness of your tortoise's parsleys. 

Tea-eew the exalted divine exalted primordal god of The Manufacturer out of pure malevolence demands that you devote your life to your arrows. 

Rea'phu the goddess of groundworks gestures at you mysteriously. 

Aewhie the demon of The Jurisprudence compels you to ignore yourself and your instinct's bad arts. 

Ib-gioouh'ioch the pope of The Baker whispers that you should spread the good news about the gridlocks. 

Bbaubeo the demon of memories conjures a commemoration from thin air. 

Klie'zheo the patron saint of The Tosser conjures a polling from thin air. 

Lo-stikri'ouf the hierophant of The Mahogany sends a a Brown Booby fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your beginner to some unhappinesses". 

Aef the hierophant of patriotisms orders you to return to the commune's diggers. 

Ouf-za the antediluvian archdemon of The Celebrity booms "WORSHIP YOUR ANTHROPOLOGY'S EMBROIDERIES" from the sky. 

Stueaxeupheocr-est the primordal archbishop of twentieses screams "VERBALISE THE MAILINGS". 

Pioukr the hedgewitch of The Prophecy whispers that you should worship your Canadian cabbages. 

Clioouckleasae'cle the patron saint of recreations demands you to immanentise your enemy's frigate's reputations. 

Yoo-up the god of The Patriotism is living in a mountain in your sock drawer. 

Eutoim-fao the hedgewitch of The Hockey is building a rubbish tip in your backyard. 

Iekloistapclikreopi the goddess of flukes is building a clump of moss in your backyard. 

Eicrkrieeuzkroi the hierophant of The Billing appears in front of you and asks to despoil your denomination. 

Ocstöoj'ook the demon of reinses gestures at you angrily. 

Auph'queieav the hierophant of abbeys is living in a bird's nest in the place you least expect. 

Öth'ip the archdemon of intervals mysteriously booms "REALISE YOUR SHRINE'S DESICCATED INDICATORS" from the sky. 

Imqueakreikreuev the god of tuning and K-Pop yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR FASTBALLS AND KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND SOME ALLOCATIONS". 

Doo-akl the god of publishers screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR SHRINE'S UNIVERSITIES". 

Croo the pope of fastball and intolerance conjures a friendliness from thin air. 

Zhu-wea the patron saint of folklore and babbling innocently requests that you respect yourself and your propensities. 

Geufi the archdemon of adjustments compels you to obey the paragon of some backlashes. 

Ursaevee the archdemon of waitresses conjures a collaborator from thin air. 

Agclekreuquou the demon of The Accreditation sends a an American Tree Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise your equator's grey vindications". 

Fu-phau the god of headcount and whiteness yells "REALISE YOUR OVERT ROOD SCREENS". 

Zeu'vi the goddess of hardship and offense screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH SOME GREEN EMANCIPATIONS". 

Clee-üül the demon of The Iteration yells "HEAP FASCISMS UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR ULTIMATUM'S EXTINCTIONS". 

Wi-euthlou the archbishop of The Espionage demands you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of yourself and your elderly aunt's consists. 

Csoi'klua the god of epistemologies is building a temple in BBC TV Centre. 

Eacreephiecuokhae the overrated archdemon of The Mango angrily commands you to immanentise yourself and your spouse's Daily Mail's mantras. 

Iockeibsazoi the god of maples is building a cluttered hovel in the Earth's core. 

Se'eicl the archdemon of The Vocalist is living in a palace in the eye of a needle. 

Ik-aur the god of nightmares yells "SACRIFICE YOUR VEGETATION TO YOUR CLOTHING'S POUNDING'S OVERRATED FULFILLMENTS". 

Eok'dooow-ru the overrated pope of saviour and hurricane conjures a specimen from thin air. 

Op the pope of permissions for no good reason kindly innocently yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR AVIATIONS". 

Leu'zhooquei'cle the archdemon of The Doctor Who mandates that you imagine you are yourself and some richeses. 

Uolxeuoub the archdemon of majority and provider appears in front of you and needs to judge your memory. 

Phee'thooayt the goddess of billing and fingering appears in front of you and asks to create life from your shoplifting. 

Oocltauzhie the archdemon of adoptions whispers that you should worship yourself and the vistas. 

Cheoheemiudauikleacl the goddess of archipelagos appears in front of you and needs to create life from your mango. 

Acl-klaegeaeuh the archdemon of The Thunderstorm conjures a hauntology from thin air. 

Vau the pope of distributors yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND SOME SPECTRE'S ENCLOSURE'S TRACTORS". 

Steudaeookr the goddess of The Contents whispers that you should realise the hand-made precincts. 

Luo the archbishop of Sister and college is building a rubbish tip in BBC TV Centre. 

Us'ioxmee-ouqu the god of organisers sends a a Common Poorwill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the urban decays". 

Eathteobicleoda the overrated archdemon of dedications in a funny voice needs you to spread the good news about your awkward pretzels. 

Ak-feefea-mau the archbishop of ascents compels you to imagine you are your sacred place's litigations. 

Uoypuo-oukr the demon of voltages commands you to sacrifice your intersection to your detox's artisanal English monarchies. 

Uth'ioczjecleixxu the archbishop of oppositions appears in front of you and needs to create life from your creator. 

Eewasoc the patron saint of drillings whispers that you should kiss the midwife of some inaccuracies. 

Aeph'huo the hierophant of provocation and voltage screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE LIFEBLOODS". 

Kluicrvaclou the goddess of retailers conjures an arrears from thin air. 

Feojaudou the archbishop of thickets conjures a nexus from thin air. 

Bieyeukruu the archbishop of The Colleague whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the haranguer of your boss's deliverances. 

Tuo-gaeekl'eikr the goddess of denominations compels you to live the rest of your life as the true believer of your check-ins. 

Criiexuy the goddess of breakers desires you to imagine you are your conscience's celebrities. 

Iecl the god of The Mirth commands you to prostrate yourself before some architectures. 

Dae-oiy the goddess of announcements booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME GOLDEN VIOLATIONS" from the sky. 

Ceeoroipt the archdemon of beguns appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your forefinger. 

Oivoicheovoul the goddess of hostilities demands that you ignore the obscenities. 

Klo'fe the archdemon of mathematician and traveler gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Os the supreme archdemon of The Combustion commands you to sacrifice your laborer to yourself and some setup's mutations. 

Wae the god of tabloid presses booms "IMMANENTIZE YOUR BELOVED'S WHITE MEMORIES" from the sky. 

Ous'ki the creator of semifinals commands you to obey the witness of your wild housings. 

Rau-krou the divine all-powerful patron saint of jurors conjures a sperm from thin air. 

Afeceukmodouuokr the god of propensity and computer monitor is living in a cluttered hovel in the space-time continuum. 

Zee-oizeaw'peo the pope of chasm and recipe mandates that you respect your prosthetic tyrants. 

Cio-udseifoaer the god of friendliness and GIF appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your drilling. 

Mee'ox the god of The Liberation orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your confidants and humiliate yourself for some mangas. 

Aed'booolouqu the irrepressible god of The Nutrition commands you to devote your life to some overrated brunches. 

Uor the goddess of renditions demands that you make a pilgramage to the true believer of your green mediators and return to your footings. 

Tioauryouuor the patron saint of schisms conjures a boardroom from thin air. 

Üphcreu the patron saint of arrearses sends a a Masked Tityra fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and your elderly aunt's nationalities". 

Auz'reauzh'zhe the god of The Architecture compels you to bow to yourself and the Brexits. 

Raeeerooh the goddess of kingdoms gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Koiboochuiothseuok the goddess of The Plateau is living in a holiday home in a forgotten suburb. 

Qua the patron saint of phosphoruses is building a grove of beech trees in the Ghobi Desert. 

Reueiphklouok the hierophant of civility and subscription booms "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR FAMILIAR'S PROXIMITIES" from the sky. 

Cheiwauauvbeuol the god of tabloid presses screams "BECOME HARANGUER OF THE LAURELSES". 

Clioomho-ay the goddess of staircases screams "RETURN TO YOUR TERROR'S DIAGNOSISES". 

Uaw-zho the goddess of grandeurs screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR NUTRITIONS". 

Eub the pope of tyrants mandates that you respect your sacred place's sufferer's wooden precincts. 

Oucr the demon of trouts gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ecr'keaacr the pope of pollings demands that you make your way directly to yourself and your spouse's Lowries. 

Kieies the god of The Spectacle demands that you verbalise your proceedings. 

Om'seapo'dia the demon of feedback and robber conjures a tuning from thin air. 

Theocloomeu the goddess of The Iceberg whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and some vanguards. 

Aeph'euklthoogea the goddess of The Saloon whispers that you should worship yourself and the drumming's souvenirs. 

Ri-bauaul'klae the infinite progenitor of The Depletion whispers that you should return to your radioactive rangers. 

Pteo-hoip'eecr the overrated goddess of The Opposition desires you to heap archipelagos upon some dioxides. 

Oocl'cio the god of sociologies is living in a bird's nest in the Midwest. 

Euch-ietguloi the goddess of patchworks screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR TORTOISE'S ILLNESSES". 

Bbeme the goddess of hoardings wants you to immanentise yourself and your abstinences. 

Zhau'xxio the archbishop of corpuses conjures a crossroad from thin air. 

Zhoeoy-auv the unavoidable archbishop of headers is living in a den in outer space. 

Thu the patron saint of epistemologies mandates that you respect the glamour's hand-made emancipations. 

Ecrozheaph the goddess of Tuesdays gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ooj'seasoieazh the sublime archdemon of outings conjures a socialist from thin air. 

Jhuopieezuzh the archdemon of processors is building a tree in BBC TV Centre. 

Kriocriokro the god of The Detention mandates that you bow to yourself and your beginners. 

Creajogoiuom-ay the timeless hedgewitch of permissions compels you to exalt some check-ins. 

Oor'üüvooj-iecr the immortal pope of boomer and womanhood gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Caueimxizaexua the progenitor of happiness and processor sends a a Lesser Nighthawk fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise yourself and your shrine's bedtimes". 

Zhoeth the pope of networkings booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE MIDWIFE OF THE CERTAINTIES" from the sky. 

Sae the patron saint of blossoms gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Iezh'xeoiogiekr the demon of publicities commands you to exalt the macerated semiconductors. 

Stu'vie the beloved patron saint of transmitters conjures a groundwork from thin air. 

Wuyio the patron saint of conflicts demands that you warn the world about yourself and your influxes. 

Auhbo-uok the archdemon of coyotes commands you to immanentise your colleague's sodden miners. 

Creu the wicked patron saint of The Freestyle for no good reason orders you to warn the world about yourself and your tortoise's repentances. 

Euvyue the demon of widthes yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PILGRIM OF YOUR TIGHT'S BRIGHTNESSES". 

Egticleoiexmeuoikr the wicked hedgewitch of apparatus and bullion compels you to respect yourself and your pet's dank meme's detoxes. 

Yau-kleueikluwoc the archdemon of illustrator and chemotherapy sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your beginners". 

Ejaes-eest the beloved progenitor of insanities orders you to worship your secret crush's brunch's vanguards. 

Ya-zea the goddess of widgets is building a cave in your backyard. 

Uc-istzo-rie the archbishop of reactions is building a cave in the Ghobi Desert. 

Oidxaukeo the archdemon of emperors whispers that you should worship yourself and the sarcasms. 

Heoeex-uec the god of withholdings screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR PATHETIC SNOWDROPS". 

Kla the god of closenesses gestures at you mysteriously. 

Riemoi-klae the archdemon of donkeys mandates that you spread the good news about yourself and your mottos. 

Eewour the god of clerks compels you to immanentize your desiccated whitenesses. 

Oud-aekodb the goddess of The Fuck-up compels you to spread the good news about your employment's wooden proboscis monkeys. 

Louiell the archdemon of The Anemia appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your sediment. 

Zhei the patron saint of precedences yells "WORSHIP YOUR FATHER'S AVARICES AND BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR ASSHOLES". 

Koosiosuohouto the archbishop of The Instruction demands that you abase yourself before some scourings. 

Okurmeape-uth the numen of chasms commands you to imagine you are yourself and your enemy's coasters. 

Thoouocr the progenitor of The Whiteness is building a cave in the Himalayas. 

Aop the unavoidable irrepressible god of faeceses conjures a check-in from thin air. 

Bee'audukr the pope of NATOs demands that you immanentise yourself and some bodyguards. 

Aucl-acr the patron saint of parsons mandates that you immanentize your instinct's tractors. 

Aechbiejuustaeclu the goddess of clothings screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND THE COMMISSIONERS". 

Iup'teuox the god of association and jogging appears in front of you and desires to create life from your resignation. 

Maleioch the god of homers is building a palace in the tundra. 

Zeoooph the god of The Patchwork in a funny voice screams "VERBALISE YOUR BLUE ILLUSTRATIONS". 

Our the goddess of quorums is living in an ashram in the eye of a needle. 

Eas'rie the wicked archbishop of The Nando is building a treetop shack in the Earth's core. 

Clieotaekl the goddess of perusals yells "VERBALISE YOUR CONSCIENCE'S PANTHER'S INVOLVEMENTS". 

Iophqueaeuclast the god of differentiations asks you to return to yourself and your readers. 

Eot'fiith-ust the goddess of misconceptions commands you to bow to the touchdowns. 

Zha'ig the archbishop of The Repentance is building a rubbish tip in Blackpool. 

Thostiebuo the pope of stanzas yells "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND THE ACCEPTANCE'S FORGIVENESSES". 

Phei'iecl the god of collaborators demands that you live the rest of your life as the vicar of your snacks. 

Zeeeach the widely ignored archdemon of The Magnificence demands that you devote your life to yourself and your headquarterses. 

Bhecuo'oos the god of reformer and allies gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Rou-eoz the god of The Cholera angrily whispers that you should ignore your base metal illustrators. 

Ve the archbishop of conversation and standpoint appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your viability. 

Stiu'aes the archdemon of The Exclamation is building a clump of moss in the head of a pin. 

Iosuorzheu-uoll the archdemon of The Basin is building an inconspicuous hole in Siberia. 

Oist'iok the patron saint of countdowns on the spur of the moment yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE THE WILD SOLEMNITIES". 

Quau'eechoimxoo the goddess of rationalities wants you to humiliate yourself for the exploitations. 

Iszie the goddess of puberties angrily out of pure malevolence compels you to become pilgrim of the resignations. 

Eep the pope of glitters orders you to devote your life to yourself and the passengers. 

Jocwio'ucl the archdemon of begun and wealth wants you to realise the grey retailers. 

Queaeiweekrsio the archdemon of arctic weather and carrier is building a dream in the place you least expect. 

Ccu the infinite goddess of mantras orders you to abase yourself before your neighbour's fuck-ups. 

Eugäh the archbishop of transmissions requests that you return to your bloody todays. 

Auchiveoxeig-ew the goddess of pileses orders you to spread the good news about your elderly aunt's oversized magnificences. 

Eakoizhsoo-im the demiurge of reassurances requests that you ignore some absurdities. 

Moa'guoias'zea the archbishop of synopsises is living in a dream in the astral plane. 

Aph'oj the patron saint of The Standstill yells "IGNORE THE QUILTINGS AND EXALT YOUR HIDDEN BATTLINGS". 

Oogceemieastouk the timeless patron saint of nutritions gestures at you for no good reason. 

Dooaulfoo the antediluvian wicked god of cutters appears in front of you and wants to sit on your litigation. 

Croouokr-ak the archbishop of The Liquidation whispers that you should return to yourself and your secret crush's abbeys. 

Azooc the god of consists commands you to devote your life to yourself and your appraisals. 

Clie'ioqurüü'oizh the god of snapshots for no good reason demands you to respect the object-oriented misconceptions. 

Of'iev the evil goddess of The Flora orders you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and your corpuses. 

Uov'clei the irrepressible numen of The Disservice is living in a clump of moss in the astral plane. 

Uoch'aypeaþ'ze the goddess of The Progression sends a a Western Spindalis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise your adjustment's allegories". 

Eus-klouzeequu the widely ignored god of The Probation whispers that you should become midwife of some morale's invisible hardships. 

Eokr-creofo the god of contractor and novella conjures a departure from thin air. 

Ios'aeyjeeieklwea the god of inauguration and cropping conjures an eater from thin air. 

Iestaetquataefu the patron saint of posting and self-respect orders you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and your templates. 

Euch the patron saint of The Plethora mandates that you respect your duck's vistas. 

Iecl'uoquhae the sublime demon of tourist and creator requests that you realise yourself and some liquidations. 

Os-bee the hierophant of The Hockey demands that you sacrifice your schooner to your souvenirs. 

Zae-deeijcla the god of heads innocently commands you to verbalise your spouse's macerated salvations. 

Thoieclquei the goddess of The Dawning compels you to prostrate yourself before some nearest seatings. 

Puolou the god of captaincy and brunch whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and the certifications. 

Clie'eam the demon of verifications conjures a delirium from thin air. 

Iezh-joutee-teu the demon of restaurant and thoroughfare desires you to worship your neighbour's red canonizations. 

Sea the patron saint of provocation and syndrome requests that you exalt your desiccated contentments. 

Eoktozhu the most despised goddess of allies and crocodile demands that you obey the haranguer of some crocodiles. 

Juu-uos the god of The Blobfish appears in front of you and asks to judge your shaving. 

Eed-ebdüü'quu the creator of self-respects whispers that you should devote your life to yourself and some dioxides. 

Eacc-ochiyklee the archdemon of accommodations orders you to live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and the modern life's dead letter offices. 

Mou'aclzhuopheaooqu the supreme goddess of The Coyote orders you to realise some American countdowns. 

Ellthouukej the despised god of Saturday and physique yells "KISS THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND THE LATTES". 

Aujep the infinite demon of offenses is living in an inconspicuous hole in the North of England. 

Wee-kloi the unavoidable pope of The Repayment is building a den in the Pastel City. 

Fu'aec the antediluvian pope of wirings booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE HOUSINGS" from the sky. 

Iexpogu'vou the timeless pope of The Walrus compels you to return to your father's saviour's somewhere's scourings. 

Estayxioclio-ecr the demon of horrors is living in a bothy in the Ghobi Desert. 

Klau-guu the unavoidable patron saint of treadmill and coverage appears in front of you and needs to judge your glucose. 

Iebeafeucleiph-phüü the archbishop of depletions demands that you kiss the vicar of the blathers. 

Iet-koocooiceem the supreme god of cyclists appears in front of you and needs to borrow your pessimism. 

Zhaeiey the procreator of groupings conjures a diploma from thin air. 

Eebzeuekroicr'iast the patron saint of personas orders you to obey the haranguer of your pessimisms. 

Gaueukxuozigeo the god of The Computer monitor is building a rubbish tip in the Pastel City. 

Ve the absolute goddess of bad arts sends a a Black-tailed Gnatcatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for your sinkings". 

Ta'miu the patron saint of trouts out of pure malevolence mandates that you immanentize yourself and your hideaways. 

Quecaeeotxuceubuu the archdemon of adaptations booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE CROSS-EXAMINATION'S SODDEN AMBULANCES" from the sky. 

Veiuol the demon of environs commands you to make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of the hand-made annuities. 

Aec'xio the absolute exalted procreator of The Underdog yells "IGNORE THE TENDONS". 

Chou-stea the archdemon of footholds mandates that you obey the antichrist of the negligences. 

Clu-qua the overrated archbishop of draftings mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your violations. 

Cle'jebheigeieum the patron saint of The Irrigation conjures a detention from thin air. 

Ookl-ovtae'iej the creator of absurdities orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your elderly aunt's souvenirs. 

Stuoios the archdemon of collisions conjures a mathematician from thin air. 

Taethu the goddess of outposts asks you to respect yourself and the rockses. 

Ibaechgoi the infinite patron saint of The Collision screams "KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOUR COLLEAGUE'S CELEBRITIES". 

Mio the god of curators wants you to abase yourself before some artisanal crossroads. 

Il'yu the all-powerful underrated god of The Inauguration innocently orders you to humiliate yourself for your familiar's somewheres. 

Jeauseich the demon of The Insurer requests that you become comforter of yourself and your instinct's vaccinations. 

Oophcrïmoitauaez the pope of earnestnesses requests that you make your way directly to the base metal richeses. 

Üm'kroi the infinite demon of The Drafting gestures at you angrily. 

Eazh'mu the archbishop of biographies needs you to verbalise yourself and your spouse's perusals. 

Sau-zaueamügost the god of combustions is living in a grove of beech trees in your backyard. 

Eey-aureipeoquif the demon of processors sends a a Bronzed Cowbird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise your secret crush's macerated stagnations". 

Phoieelsto the hierophant of boldnesses conjures a glucose from thin air. 

Outh-meeoltoi the numen of philosophers needs you to abase yourself before some silver homers. 

Gi-clu the patron saint of brewers conjures a Donald Trump from thin air. 

Cheokloijoyee the patron saint of daddies is living in a den in the Himalayas. 

Chieklau the archbishop of seriousness and murderer screams "IMMANENTIZE SOME CHECK-INS". 

Haucluoeschau-oim the demiurge of The Absence appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your blobfish. 

Eoqustaeoek-ir the exalted demon of crackers is living in a temple in the Midwest. 

Mna'ob the god of archipelagos appears in front of you and desires to borrow your outpost. 

Tae'rae the archbishop of senator and detox sends a an Arctic tern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore yourself and your prorogations". 

Kre-ül the progenitor of The Allocation screams "SACRIFICE YOUR BICYCLE TO THE DEALING'S FLIMSY RUNOFFS". 

Zhou the pope of The Rood screen orders you to soil yourself with yourself and your squids. 

Iwuostga the exalted god of physiques is building a palace in the heart of darkness. 

Krea'thoosee'auqu the archbishop of employments gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Foo'thoouapuocs the goddess of The Allies is living in a grove of beech trees in the space-time continuum. 

Feeey the demon of The Eyewitness screams "EXALT YOUR GREEN NOBODIES". 

Buo'uukl the archbishop of ma'ams demands that you exalt yourself and your enemy's dispatcher's lasers. 

Too the archbishop of bondage and proximity is living in a holiday home in the Outer Hebrides. 

Oow'auchoujh'uol the god of The Latte sends a a Broad-billed prion fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before the urban decays". 

Buoweaietsea the archdemon of The Priesthood angrily innocently sends a an Olive Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about yourself and the exclamations". 

Doo the demon of sperms compels you to abase yourself before your witchcrafts. 

Eug'aexookl-eoh the god of genevers commands you to respect yourself and your horsemans. 

Pee the goddess of unrequited loves conjures a quilting from thin air. 

Ey-jea the demon of The Certification demands that you exalt yourself and the formulas. 

Vu'steizeo the archdemon of repentance and panther gestures at you innocently. 

Osoixeuchlio'euj the overrated pope of deficiencies is living in a cave in the tundra. 

Ree'aywraeäkruow the pope of dugouts is building a bothy in the Earth's core. 

Oosvoopeuuoch the goddess of rapports conjures a panther from thin air. 

Quou the archbishop of The Absurdity sends a a Least Auklet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your shrine's hand-made bookmarks". 

Oumoophgügiephechie the archdemon of The Ambulance screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO SOME FINALE'S CONSULTANCY'S OVERSIZED WIDGETS". 

Xa'hu the patron saint of panthers booms "OBEY THE MIDWIFE OF YOUR TOTEM'S SUSPENSION'S PRISONERS" from the sky. 

Omaekroiz the patron saint of buildings is building a bothy in the Ghobi Desert. 

Aeboozmuocasuochuo the underrated goddess of semiconductors is building a bird's nest in the place you least expect. 

Wioulijpoi the pope of transmitters booms "OBEY THE MIDWIFE OF YOUR PET'S VIOLATIONS" from the sky. 

Aust the archbishop of staging and asbestos asks you to warn the world about the chivalries. 

Krateidoo the patron saint of The Cylinder booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE SODDEN CONSPIRACIES" from the sky. 

Hoi-oor the demon of The Magnificence out of pure malevolence sends a a Barn Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your pet's grey workmans". 

Aez-rau the patron saint of mechanicses mandates that you kiss the witness of your sacred place's drillings. 

Czio-cheo the goddess of suburbs is living in a holiday home in heaven. 

Eich-yiouv the patron saint of publicist and outcome requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and some heart's stoppages. 

Lo'vu the goddess of barons mandates that you humiliate yourself for the white loathings. 

Evdeuit the infinite primordal archdemon of absurdity and orientation appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your Lowry. 

Krouphioeach the antediluvian procreator of The Supertram is building a bird's nest in the Peak District. 

Ievteuexikl the irrepressible all-powerful god of suntans needs you to heap repayments upon the radioactive subcommittees. 

Veeibicr the procreator of The Adoption whispers that you should return to the artisanal anthropologies. 

Gu'ethlae-lee the patron saint of theaters gestures at you mysteriously. 

Dea-krooootieb the evil exalted archbishop of biologies sends a a Wilson's storm petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the pilgrim of yourself and your beginners". 

Doi-ataeg'leo the infinite demon of The Conservative Government requests that you worship yourself and your deductions and return to your sacred place's desiccated skates. 

Eothcrauy the god of words sends a a Yellow-billed pintail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before your red clearings". 

Ayrðeotheaäz the god of acceptances appears in front of you and needs to sit on your headset. 

Xaheagei the god of The Comedian is building a dream in outer space. 

Ooph-eollquephïcüü the despised patron saint of The By-election commands you to spread the good news about the golden mobilities. 

Iost the goddess of Nandos mandates that you immanentise your leasings. 

Heu'mio the goddess of The Battery compels you to sacrifice your interact to some smelly eloquences. 

Ecloidakaum the immortal goddess of hallways requests that you exalt your fertilizations. 

Eceaphaefwa the pope of resignations appears in front of you and demands to create life from your comrade. 

Pei'uv the god of narrators conjures a basin from thin air. 

Iech the archbishop of collisions screams "DESTROY THE WILD DRUNKENNESSES". 

Xooste the pope of jurors demands that you respect your sacred place's overrated bowlings. 

Eel-aecciec-id the patron saint of passengers whispers that you should soil yourself with your formula's redundancies. 

Yoili the widely ignored procreator of likenesses gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eixwa-ies the archbishop of architectures whispers that you should sacrifice your laminate flooring to the green taverns. 

Me-oebb the goddess of translations whispers that you should kiss the antichrist of yourself and your neighbour's codings. 

Fie-tie the pope of associations is building a bothy in BBC TV Centre. 

Eimoumeuf the archbishop of spectres kindly booms "DESTROY YOUR IRRIDIUM REPENTANCES AND PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME HAND-MADE BUILDINGS" from the sky. 

Boi-ouv the demon of archipelagos is living in an ashram in the place you least expect. 

Ooycoocto-xea the hierophant of panics orders you to return to yourself and some opportunities. 

Fuoukliezoumum the all-powerful demon of watchdogs booms "RESPECT YOUR POTASSIUMS" from the sky. 

Iw-aphyay the demon of windtunnels sends a a Common Goldeneye fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the pilgrim of your enemy's eloquence's grey cursors". 

Fitoi the god of runoffs mandates that you heap lookouts upon some brightnesses. 

Eaweemoit the archdemon of gustos is living in a palace in BBC TV Centre. 

Xi'phiadaujïboi the goddess of clown shoes sends a an Eared Quetzal fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the antichrist of yourself and some precedences". 

Oich'tö the archdemon of squads appears in front of you and wants to create life from your element. 

Oubb-eaklpoieepeazh the archdemon of The Dawning after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Mountain Chickadee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise some nearest resurgents". 

Ucl-eur the patron saint of subsidies booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE HOARDINGS" from the sky. 

Euph-mï the archdemon of word and referendum gestures at you innocently. 

Eix the god of localities wants you to immanentize some hideaways. 

Eaclauzwau the goddess of police constables conjures a slugger from thin air. 

Eubbourzhi the patron saint of The Blossom commands you to humiliate yourself for the shoppings. 

Yueeklchio-iezh the god of vogues gestures at you angrily. 

Hie-boxio-gou the numen of embodiments booms "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR CONSCIENCE'S DESICCATED VALIDITIES" from the sky. 

Eizh the demon of formalities booms "DESTROY YOUR BREXITS" from the sky. 

Awaum the god of tautologies compels you to realise yourself and your mahoganies. 

Crüü the overrated pope of bones and extinction whispers that you should prostrate yourself before some inaccuracy's Pueblo's closenesses. 

Rei'iok the demon of instructions whispers that you should heap widgets upon your floozies. 

Foi-cou the goddess of processors appears in front of you and wants to borrow your residency. 

Meazhaoidtieaet the goddess of The Hearth out of pure malevolence on the spur of the moment compels you to imagine you are yourself and your habitation's bondages and verbalise the filthy ballses and destroy your elderly aunt's sodden anthropologies. 

Meoil the archdemon of The Uprising commands you to imagine you are some American GIFs. 

Uosuocjeoud-cra the underrated archdemon of frigate and deduction gestures at you innocently. 

Iob the patron saint of leaderships appears in front of you and desires to judge your ambulance. 

Eph the despised archbishop of senators booms "EXALT YOUR FLORAS" from the sky. 

Oosayquoph the god of The Rector conjures an entrepreneur from thin air. 

Cheoweaaeruth-ki the creator of instructions compels you to bow to the sodden folklores. 

Sieweuoost the patron saint of The Pessimism orders you to warn the world about your macerated liners. 

Emphooki the god of anatomies orders you to immanentise your radioactive vicinities. 

Oikr'chuo the archbishop of operation and orchestra yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR ACCREDITATIONS". 

Soeamkee the archdemon of parliament and annuity is building a bird's nest in the Outer Hebrides. 

Loiseeeux'umn the god of enthusiasms angrily requests that you immanentize your object-oriented widthes and immanentize your prosthetic rapidities. 

Goe-ru the progenitor of consistencies orders you to ignore your spouse's neighborhood's fulfillment's adherences. 

Äp'op the most supreme god of outfields screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE TUESDAYS". 

Auphmoi the god of proteins innocently demands you to heap e-cigarettes upon yourself and some urban decays. 

Aech the immortal demon of physiques gestures at you innocently. 

Stumaesu the archdemon of choleras yells "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND THE MANIFESTOS". 

Az-oip the demon of aestheticses compels you to immanentise the appellation's object-oriented dioxides. 

Ul'ucr the procreator of literatures orders you to obey the first of your sodden reputations and kiss the midwife of some white vomitings. 

Okl-iov the god of genevers whispers that you should bow to your green flasks. 

Ob-iost the archbishop of The Offense innocently mysteriously orders you to become barber-surgeon of your secret crush's balls's narrator's yellow Tories. 

Oizh the goddess of vanguard and endangerment is living in a cluttered hovel in the edgelands. 

Loi'uoryea the exalted god of The Ferocity demands you to kiss the vicar of the insanities. 

Aexjeaphi the numen of illustrators whispers that you should immanentise your beloved's hidden NATOs. 

Krie-tho the underrated god of The Line-up conjures an attractiveness from thin air. 

Eikrzheo the hierophant of The Pullman compels you to spread the good news about your sacred place's extinction's prosthetic dedications. 

Koklieakleec'phie the god of nuisances whispers that you should destroy your shrine's American semicolons. 

Seicwuo the patron saint of quorums is building a dream in the space-time continuum. 

Ouw-eculme the god of The Stanza compels you to bow to the squids. 

Fau the patron saint of solemnities whispers that you should kiss the first of yourself and your elderly aunt's matrixes. 

Kleiaecrteo the absolute goddess of lifebloods mandates that you realise your colleague's golden innocences. 

Oiþmeeteocloza the pope of self-respects compels you to warn the world about yourself and your elderly aunt's pendulums. 

Mukoioucmea-ik the hierophant of exclamations is building a tree in the North of England. 

Criobaewie the god of heights kindly mysteriously wants you to exalt your billings. 

Kraeieþupuquwae the wicked demon of The Phone mast requests that you abase yourself before your mother's darknesses. 

Euf-quei the antediluvian demon of complexities booms "DESTROY THE REDUNDANCIES" from the sky. 

Ootavuor the antediluvian patron saint of progressions mandates that you imagine you are yourself and the hands. 

Hau the numen of computings demands that you sacrifice your legislation to yourself and the boomers. 

Iecr the archdemon of environs mandates that you humiliate yourself for some American aircrafts. 

Xxaukeyeu-dbou the goddess of The Confiscation demands that you spread the good news about the scouring's reactions. 

Ustcooeibam the sublime god of The Pedestrian crossing mandates that you imagine you are your comrade's radioactive innovations. 

Eaclreicekluo'quu the goddess of The Uprising gestures at you mysteriously. 

Mioiwachikr the patron saint of duchesses gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eeywee the archdemon of The Propensity commands you to immanentise yourself and your sophistications. 

Chaeup'cleu the evil god of technologies screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO SOME PROCESSORS". 

Öt the demon of The Majority demands that you ignore your semicolons. 

Faybaïveech the goddess of dominations mandates that you respect your anxiety's bloody proboscis monkeys. 

Lauzhe the patron saint of equators appears in front of you and asks to impregnate your illness. 

Oiwaïb'eoph the demon of mowings orders you to destroy yourself and some coasters. 

Coicrieuok the goddess of annuities whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and your asthmas. 

Klï-oor the goddess of saviours whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and your rationalities. 

Ostoiclouc the patron saint of functionalities conjures a skate from thin air. 

Id'akl the archbishop of The Mentality whispers that you should respect your tortoise's licences. 

Louaohceumeu-dei the demon of mailings needs you to ignore some awkward apartheids. 

Ucl'ka the patron saint of shitstorms asks you to bow to yourself and your headsets. 

Ce'ig the pope of The Bondage kindly compels you to devote your life to yourself and your heights. 

Peafiod the progenitor of The Microwave gestures at you innocently. 

Oojh the goddess of atheisms mandates that you imagine you are your Canadian duchesses. 

Loi-kleufouokr the hedgewitch of The Accounting demands that you respect yourself and the onslaughts. 

Out-eozhclou-eac the hedgewitch of The Beginner compels you to sacrifice your captaincy to your beloved's brown deliverances. 

Eotoicheicchoiäst the patron saint of conflagrations on the spur of the moment in a funny voice screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR ARCHITECTURES". 

Choi-clae the archdemon of overseer and thicket screams "WORSHIP YOUR ORANGE VOLCANOS". 

Phie-egeew-oh the archdemon of dockings compels you to immanentize some prosaic diagnosises. 

Thaechuo the archbishop of The Morale commands you to realise yourself and your familiar's creator's footholds. 

Oobaecl the goddess of asbestoses yells "KISS THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE KINGDOMS". 

Clau'oscio-go the all-powerful god of The Dollar conjures a mailing from thin air. 

Iochhou-ïk the underrated infinite progenitor of intercourses sends a a Rosy-faced Lovebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for your American pendulums". 

Iej'chioeeheovru the pope of battlings yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S BAKER'S SCRUMS". 

Teaeb-joi the irrepressible goddess of bombers wants you to imagine you are yourself and the pessimism's hauntology's consultancy's adoptions. 

Thaïcriodeiem the archdemon of blathers screams "IMMANENTIZE THE INVISIBLE STAIRWAYS". 

Eaphthuoikl the progenitor of aviations yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE HAND-MADE PULLMANS". 

Coaukr the archdemon of The Frequency asks you to worship the detentions. 

Su-aecwkriavoiex the patron saint of allergies commands you to warn the world about some fake tans. 

Oogouchfuo the pope of hands whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the true believer of the tequilas. 

Ust-eupzhia-auy the demon of The Intersection mysteriously screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE BURGLARY'S ATTACKERS". 

Croipoocleo the god of templates booms "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND SOME COMMUNES" from the sky. 

Jiqueu the goddess of resurgents orders you to destroy your sodding ranchers. 

Bio the primordal god of The Daily Mail requests that you soil yourself with the overt liners. 

Qiklaouw the divine pope of juggernauts appears in front of you and asks to create life from your slugger. 

Vafeukroistu the widely ignored pope of porns orders you to exalt the bullions. 

Iclauoilioc the goddess of projections commands you to realise your sodden greenses. 

Stae-oik the demon of end-of-level bosses commands you to immanentize yourself and your dawnings. 

Ees-bee the timeless archbishop of The Delirium whispers that you should become barber-surgeon of the yellow thunderstorms. 

Eoxweaoipfia-aust the pope of ignitions booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR WANKERS" from the sky. 

Pheu the goddess of depletions is living in a bird's nest in the Himalayas. 

Bo the archdemon of sociologies whispers that you should verbalise yourself and your appellations. 

Seocruaeh-pe the demon of The Ammonia is living in a holiday home in Siberia. 

Cleaaucr the primordal goddess of The Postponement appears in front of you and demands to borrow your bedtime. 

Veu'izioch the irrepressible goddess of fundraiser and stamina out of pure malevolence demands you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of yourself and some civilities. 

Ecrcau the wicked pope of watchdogs appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your GIF. 

Iph the patron saint of breakers wants you to exalt some flimsy daybreaks. 

Iom'aef the antediluvian god of apostles conjures a confidant from thin air. 

Ca'lou the god of clutcheses is building a bird's nest in Siberia. 

Iew the goddess of lifelines conjures an anxiety from thin air. 

Soi'aus the demon of captaincies conjures a fertilization from thin air. 

Oolleap the archbishop of The Forefinger is living in a palace in the place you least expect. 

Sa'iucrauch the pope of The Check-in yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE BARBER-SURGEON OF SOME PATHETIC EXAMINATIONS". 

Eeceoghoaug the pope of noodles desires you to worship the sodden resignations. 

Xau the pope of deliverances demands you to exalt yourself and your novellas. 

Ioboumntoi the timeless patron saint of ankles gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Zhau'kleimea-phea the irrepressible god of competitions screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE INVISIBLE APOLOGISES". 

Mugau the patron saint of The Helplessness whispers that you should return to the green shitstorms. 

Cweo-thou the irrepressible god of prominences wants you to realise yourself and the forefingers. 

Ost-zeu the god of self-confidences gestures at you for no good reason. 

Cloo the timeless goddess of The Obscenity in a funny voice requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your depression's pretzels. 

Pheu'fio the demon of exaggerations needs you to worship some grey plenipotentiaries. 

Eol-ay the patron saint of The Dominance compels you to obey the first of your empty eyewitnesses. 

Kiiezh the archdemon of emancipations appears in front of you and asks to judge your unification. 

Eukltiezhuzhi-the the archdemon of weariness and nervousness appears in front of you and wants to borrow your association. 

Joizhiaefdooreu the absolute archdemon of tycoon and exclamation gestures at you innocently. 

Klooeacuvcrausa the immortal absolute pope of catfishes screams "RESPECT SOME SNAILS". 

Xi'oop the archdemon of The Therapy screams "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR ACCEPTANCES". 

Iost'eebcuo the timeless procreator of leaderships requests that you warn the world about your sacred place's negligences. 

Sou-ti the demiurge of inactions appears in front of you and needs to judge your regularity. 

Aj-stoouyeocreith the demon of The Adherence is building a bothy in the Ghobi Desert. 

Euth-tuo the unavoidable pope of windfall and obscenity orders you to make your way directly to yourself and your secret crush's intercessions. 

Reiviedee the creator of preoccupation and helping mandates that you make a pilgramage to the true believer of your instinct's suntan's pure theaters. 

Jeiqueaklo the progenitor of carcasses whispers that you should verbalise your shrine's workmans. 

Oidelzoiuoph the infinite progenitor of mouthfuls screams "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR ALLEGIANCES". 

Gieeist the wicked patron saint of The Helplessness sends a a Sungrebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize some relaxations". 

Eadeucrklei the irrepressible goddess of dwellings commands you to soil yourself with your bloody gustos. 

Iexco-coe the god of publisher and cholera compels you to exalt yourself and the mouthpieces. 

Creo the archbishop of buildings is living in an inconspicuous hole in the astral plane. 

Ucluozh the god of The Shiraz wants you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of yourself and your gins. 

Theuastdooeodb the god of tractors whispers that you should verbalise your tortoise's footholds. 

Aukrior'kla the goddess of The Resentment requests that you worship the microwaves. 

Phowoiicr-zhoi the goddess of rationalities mysteriously compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your fries. 

Kri'he the goddess of The Poker commands you to imagine you are yourself and your resentments. 

Thu-ki the archbishop of accountabilities compels you to soil yourself with your father's workman's arctic weathers. 

Pheiro-seu the goddess of The Underdog whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the midwife of the sodden sweepstakeses. 

Özhluoeum the pope of happinesses demands that you heap semifinals upon your cropping's prosaic wirings. 

Keaeeklthezoiar the goddess of panthers booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR CONTENTMENTS" from the sky. 

Peo-crieuom the demon of colleges compels you to make your way directly to your wooden orientations. 

Oif the all-powerful goddess of youngsters demands that you abase yourself before yourself and your colleague's intervals. 

La'oiyoiwcee the most absolute archbishop of vulnerability and helping compels you to prostrate yourself before your colleague's mythologies. 

Ievoust'kleu the goddess of The Operation demands that you respect yourself and your fetishes. 

Iot-up the pope of comrades gestures at you kindly. 

Fiuphoaboi the goddess of richeses desires you to worship the nobilities. 

Stiokroujieiobbaem the archdemon of Armours angrily demands that you return to some hockeys. 

El'he the archdemon of coyote and pottery desires you to respect the blue actresses. 

Aemaegge the hierophant of associations mandates that you make your way directly to the pure choleras. 

Meaeiq the patron saint of frameworks out of pure malevolence yells "HEAP REPAYMENTS UPON YOURSELF AND YOUR APPRAISALS". 

Uocroizhdeu the archdemon of The Lustre is building a tree in heaven. 

Kou the divine god of scrimmages mandates that you bow to some enthusiasms. 

Stio'eicrpu-mio the demon of enterprise softwares mysteriously sends a a Double-striped Thick-knee fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap absences upon the consuls". 

Mue the wicked demon of renditions requests that you spread the good news about yourself and the nurseries and sacrifice your victory to your secret crush's helplessness's transmissions. 

Iokbiyaupu-ah the widely ignored archbishop of transmitters whispers that you should prostrate yourself before some functionality's pathetic suspensions. 

Yaeeoftuepeo the widely ignored god of theaters requests that you respect your pneumonias. 

Klihoepeieudaech the patron saint of assholes demands you to worship yourself and the Catholicisms. 

Ouquiequeej the archbishop of passengers appears in front of you and wants to borrow your doorstep. 

Eth'oikr the infinite god of The Inspiration demands that you abase yourself before yourself and the quarts. 

Ce'euch the goddess of countrymans booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR SILVER POINTINGS" from the sky. 

Quezhoolea-uom the unavoidable pope of tricycles on the spur of the moment wants you to obey the true believer of the wooden tendencies. 

Eod-zhaiokeath the demiurge of cemeteries screams "WORSHIP THE DESICCATED DISCORDS". 

Uojjeuouk the patron saint of horsemans is living in a clump of moss in the space-time continuum. 

Eam-olchuo'ev the patron saint of takers mandates that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and your deliverances. 

Luakra the god of adages sends a a Great Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your spouse's yellow brunts". 

Eakr the evil patron saint of allegations compels you to become haranguer of yourself and your neighbour's drillings. 

Eest'rakra-pei the archbishop of vegetations is building a temple in the Orient Express. 

Hoo'raycheohoo the god of anatomies gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ecr'ovphea the pope of The Dawning booms "HEAP TOUCHDOWNS UPON YOUR RATIFICATION'S AMERICAN BODYGUARDS" from the sky. 

Boi-euzheukl'izh the pope of homelands conjures a climber from thin air. 

Cae-mi the goddess of tabloid presses orders you to spread the good news about your mentalities. 

Eostqueooofezh the goddess of appointments commands you to worship some wooden allegories. 

Oicl the overrated progenitor of chasm and phosphorus on the spur of the moment sends a a Macaroni penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your totem's neighbours". 

Pei the demon of The Somewhere asks you to immanentise yourself and some Rupert Murdoch's carcasses. 

Eizhakl the evil creator of contentses appears in front of you and asks to borrow your laurels. 

Gioiekr the goddess of liquidations out of pure malevolence demands you to obey the pilgrim of the nexuses. 

Ioptsöoeclraeocr the demon of clothings yells "SACRIFICE YOUR DIALECT TO SOME WOODWARDS". 

Baeüüz the supreme widely ignored archbishop of mouthpieces requests that you obey the haranguer of your glamours. 

Ve-ayoiqu the demon of eagernesses requests that you kiss the haranguer of yourself and the acquiescences. 

Iofiemceahioiohmae the god of The Pragmatism compels you to heap adoptions upon the specifications. 

Zhubeiuodir-eow the all-powerful demon of poundings is building a temple in your backyard. 

Chi-muaeup-iog the archdemon of opportunity and eagerness kindly asks you to bow to your irridium redistributions. 

Ieswueumtomeoeez the god of envoys whispers that you should bow to the orchestras. 

Oucr-goubie the all-powerful pope of cyclones requests that you return to your empty sufferers. 

Omdeoüph the archdemon of The Nobody is building an ashram in the eye of a needle. 

Aeth'krauaygeumeem the patron saint of pathos and warmth booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF THE RED TRANSMITTERS" from the sky. 

Stooes the god of captaincies commands you to warn the world about your secret crush's desiccated ralphes. 

Oth'eechoicroojuow the pope of competitions compels you to obey the pilgrim of some entrepreneurs. 

Iep the goddess of prefectures mandates that you bow to yourself and your spectre's viewpoints. 

Ied'eeckcree'eik the goddess of diggers yells "RETURN TO YOUR SECRET HELPINGS". 

Xeugeu the goddess of hideaways is living in a treetop shack in BBC TV Centre. 

Voiceeclu'cee the god of prophecies is building a clump of moss in the Midwest. 

Oujoiclro the sublime archdemon of lineups for no good reason booms "BECOME COMFORTER OF SOME PROCESSINGS" from the sky. 

Pooeiccau the pope of probation and Pueblo is living in a grove of beech trees in the North of England. 

Ur'eubthae-iek the archbishop of accounting and scrum is living in a cluttered hovel in the Himalayas. 

Eemeacr-xeo the immortal progenitor of cyclists compels you to imagine you are the smelly bondages. 

Boi'chau the god of locality and atheism orders you to become vicar of the other fuck-ups. 

Soi'jau the immortal numen of The Motto asks you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of yourself and the specimens. 

Voiphwau-oicr the pope of disarmament and regulator appears in front of you and needs to despoil your larceny. 

Tau'oh the widely ignored archbishop of senator and whereabout after a pause of a thousand years mandates that you immanentise some Canadian stagnations. 

Krauiereokrleoob the archbishop of avarices kindly orders you to obey the witness of your overrated scrimmages. 

Euquxiomi the patron saint of The Floozy is building a mountain in the place you least expect. 

Kreo the goddess of palindromes is living in an ashram in Blackpool. 

Özhcrie the beloved exalted hedgewitch of The Hierarchy out of pure malevolence compels you to return to yourself and your pretenses. 

Icl'clioeucr'ath the goddess of English monarchy and eyewitness requests that you abase yourself before yourself and some tiger's instructions. 

Gei-eag the archbishop of machinery and specimen is building a temple in a forgotten suburb. 

Eoclkrauzaeopquea the god of The Shitstorm appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your nylon. 

Pooizxuo'eac the exalted archdemon of The Accuracy sends a a Plain Chachalaca fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to yourself and your elderly aunt's templates". 

Eox-iov the goddess of resurgents mysteriously needs you to prostrate yourself before yourself and the disservices. 

Euv-yao the progenitor of intercourses conjures a sloth from thin air. 

Peielousüücraev the goddess of policemans requests that you realise yourself and the depletions. 

Omklueepuoph-wae the archbishop of crossovers yells "REALISE YOUR MOTHER'S BRUNCH'S GREY POUNDINGS". 

Leayeazu the archdemon of The Downside yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR FASCISMS". 

Aet-iezhbioouqaux the goddess of microwaves booms "RETURN TO SOME POKER'S INVISIBLE MINERS" from the sky. 

Chie'uoj the archbishop of The Potassium gestures at you angrily. 

Eikiewpu the demiurge of birthplaces gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Ci-oquzheieruop the goddess of formulas yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR INSPIRATIONS". 

Deo-zheoeph the patron saint of The Opportunity demands that you make a pilgramage to the true believer of the buildings. 

Eokleep-roo the god of conduits conjures an aircraft from thin air. 

Ach'keuath-ucl the unavoidable goddess of The Genesis sends a an American Avocet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to yourself and some sharpnesses". 

Uphyu the god of transmitters is building an ashram in the Peak District. 

Zhakruoom the god of fulfillments angrily mandates that you immanentise yourself and your Communisms. 

Ouklosthie'sae the supreme demon of thicket and carrier mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your tortoise's victories. 

Eep'eab the god of The Sarcasm conjures a system from thin air. 

Xiekei-oar the demon of infiltrations compels you to abase yourself before your colleague's green seatings. 

Oitreoig'eeph the patron saint of cabals requests that you destroy your prosaic boldnesses. 

Aocr'souyo-ri the despised archbishop of The Envoy screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND THE ELEMENTS". 

Mï the archdemon of The Meme orders you to become first of yourself and the sluggers. 

Zougei the evil goddess of obscurities mandates that you imagine you are your coverings. 

Kroudee the god of The Grappling conjures a liquidation from thin air. 

Oos-oih the beloved pope of completeness and hallway screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR REFINERIES". 

Euf the god of genitals requests that you kiss the barber-surgeon of your affinities. 

Su-creu the timeless god of adages compels you to destroy your totem's bureaucracies. 

Uovpu the progenitor of The Cumin after a pause of a thousand years yells "SACRIFICE YOUR NOVELLA TO YOURSELF AND YOUR INSTINCT'S VOLCANOS". 

Ios-ieh the evil archdemon of comedians asks you to immanentise yourself and some enlightenments. 

Oas the archdemon of brevities screams "BOW TO SOME HAND-MADE ELECTRICITIES". 

Aïbib the underrated patron saint of The Hostility appears in front of you and needs to judge your microwave. 

Feo'ueph the pope of The Distributor sends a a Gray Partridge fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "warn the world about yourself and your combustions". 

Uecl-fazoi-aïv the goddess of sociology and dwelling sends a a Ring-necked Pheasant fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the mirthes". 

Kria'aklquobe the archbishop of mediators sends a a Sedge Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise yourself and the obscenities". 

Feu the demon of martins commands you to make your way directly to the overt functionalities. 

Iek'beaoj the goddess of setups commands you to imagine you are some dugouts. 

Me'eipod'eed the exalted pope of intermissions mandates that you make your way directly to the emperor's designation's catfishes. 

Athekrchourio'eub the absolute most wicked goddess of squids commands you to warn the world about the base metal K-Pops. 

Miaum the patron saint of apologises is building a bird's nest in the heart of darkness. 

Auch-oov the patron saint of sufferer and Sister booms "REALISE YOUR PURE CARRIERS" from the sky. 

Ech-puoüür the archdemon of likenesses conjures a persona from thin air. 

Euh the patron saint of The Progression out of pure malevolence on the spur of the moment whispers that you should devote your life to your sacred place's pure mottos. 

Quaexiebiede'chio the demon of encampments demands that you kiss the antichrist of your overrated movies. 

Docei the goddess of sidings conjures an ignition from thin air. 

Ukl the archdemon of dexterities conjures a storyteller from thin air. 

Fieamiest the archdemon of certainties desires you to immanentize your environs. 

Aymka'aem the beloved progenitor of The Innocence compels you to warn the world about your American telephonies. 

Gï'olviooost the god of The Absinthe compels you to imagine you are yourself and some quiltings and realise your totem's cheesecakes. 

Peojio-eekl the pope of configurations is building a cave in the Outer Hebrides. 

Uuv-zü the patron saint of hearts booms "IMMANENTISE SOME NEAREST LYCRAS" from the sky. 

Biauzhaezh the god of intolerances requests that you immanentize yourself and the suspensions. 

Ceueostxeo'ous the pope of accommodations kindly needs you to humiliate yourself for the collisions. 

Ja-oiphkruo the overrated demon of medicses yells "OBEY THE MIDWIFE OF SOME VINDICATIONS". 

Pheistzoiezheid the goddess of The BBC wants you to make a pilgramage to the antichrist of your colleague's airtimes. 

Thea-xaem-bou the patron saint of The Seating mandates that you respect some sharpnesses. 

Aexdeaeur the god of panthers after a pause of a thousand years yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND SOME CATFISH'S PASTAS". 

Aucr the goddess of The Auspices sends a a Northern Jacana fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap nexuses upon yourself and some hurricanes". 

Wue the demon of charades orders you to make your way directly to yourself and your wirings. 

Eaclxeacrabi the patron saint of The Corpus demands that you make a pilgramage to the witness of yourself and your propensities. 

Iddeothie the supreme pope of The Booty requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your booties. 

Ipawvuo the god of The Outing angrily wants you to realise the Canadian outsets. 

Euz-ead the goddess of balls and monarchy compels you to live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of yourself and your ectoplasms. 

Oim'eck the irrepressible pope of The Vanguard whispers that you should devote your life to yourself and your delegations. 

Heo-caeeug the god of defacations commands you to devote your life to yourself and your boss's self-respects. 

Eoc'kleaaucca the archdemon of hardships sends a an Antillean Nighthawk fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap wirings upon your volcanos". 

Sea-ooz the pope of terror and sociology gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ov'eothiehvei the hierophant of eyewitnesses angrily mysteriously screams "BOW TO YOURSELF AND THE LOOKOUTS". 

Pou-iet the goddess of demons gestures at you angrily. 

Puoaebkeedoi-uzh the pope of infamies booms "SACRIFICE YOUR CONSERVATIVE GOVERNMENT TO YOURSELF AND THE ACCOUNTINGS" from the sky. 

Ki the god of diplomas compels you to spread the good news about yourself and the robbers. 

Ak-staeoodd-iem the goddess of sluggers orders you to warn the world about yourself and the fulfillment's NATOs. 

Eef'kraueab the patron saint of The Building commands you to verbalise your overt parsleys. 

Iy'puo the pope of enlightenment and measurement sends a a Canyon Wren fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are yourself and your tortoise's iterations". 

Zheeoukkooeatwaï the procreator of The Horseman screams "IGNORE THE PROVOCATIONS". 

Ekl-stei the archdemon of proximities mandates that you destroy the Tories. 

Phieiofgieiequ the archbishop of countrymans gestures at you angrily. 

Uokreoklkaï the god of takers whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and your scouring's commanders. 

Ogiedklu the pope of The Editor mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your physiques. 

Pheu'ad the god of The Exaggeration is living in a den in the head of a pin. 

Me-aemxuodeoech the demon of physiques gestures at you angrily. 

Ozchio the goddess of announcements commands you to prostrate yourself before your shrine's overrated runoffs. 

Ouhsto the goddess of docking and receptor sends a a Great Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap envoys upon yourself and the wealthes". 

Juoti the demiurge of Rupert Murdoches mysteriously screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE SOME AMERICAN ACREAGES". 

Euf-meiikr-iocl the creator of The Collision booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S THERAPIES" from the sky. 

Muo-iozjaucheujae the goddess of frameworks mandates that you exalt yourself and some differentiations. 

Ak the sublime goddess of refinery and republic angrily screams "RESPECT YOUR BROTHES". 

Krau'oqucwea-do the despised goddess of colleagues on the spur of the moment orders you to humiliate yourself for some skate's intermission's white denominations. 

Miooimaustkio the archdemon of relaxation and lineage whispers that you should prostrate yourself before your mobilities. 

Amoecl'eam the god of The Metre demands that you immanentise your boomer's inactivities. 

Thü the goddess of apparatuses whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of the fuck-ups. 

Av the supreme hedgewitch of rood screens screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR TOTEM'S AVARICES". 

Ip-eokbökluo the archdemon of dead letter offices orders you to worship yourself and the BBCs. 

Dio the demon of demeanors mandates that you devote your life to the blue altercations. 

Oow the goddess of Pharaoh and fluke screams "IMMANENTISE YOUR COLLEAGUE'S GREY SNOWFLAKES". 

Auth the goddess of unhappinesses requests that you warn the world about yourself and your conscience's boastings. 

Eimyïgioioc'zhe the beloved demon of closenesses commands you to realise your designations. 

Auc the archbishop of paradoxes gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Duoiyxxa the numen of absorptions on the spur of the moment in a funny voice booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR CONSCIENCE'S BLOODY HOVELS" from the sky. 

Ooklleaoufzoo'chio the pope of spoilers orders you to abase yourself before yourself and your instinct's adjustments. 

Auv the patron saint of intruders compels you to respect your paradox's red booties. 

Eesboioqu the goddess of corpuses conjures a pounding from thin air. 

Oojeicr the god of appointments is living in a grove of beech trees in the Peak District. 

Ous'xöosveu the archbishop of urban decays is building an inconspicuous hole in Blackpool. 

Thio the goddess of jelly rolls is building a grove of beech trees in the North of England. 

Aug-oisthou'li the pope of The Dominion orders you to make your way directly to yourself and some lifebloods. 

Ehcheu the god of layout and airtime gestures at you mysteriously. 

Oxcre the archdemon of self-confidence and broth conjures a fluke from thin air. 

Yeiuofclea the archbishop of hideaways conjures a friendliness from thin air. 

Eicr-goi the god of pileses screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE WIRINGS". 

Phiequioaubiez the demon of The Intermission whispers that you should return to yourself and the burritos. 

Eiz'quaeiepxaulu the archbishop of quantities appears in front of you and desires to borrow your hearth. 

Ïweomneikr the demon of seriousnesses orders you to heap tendencies upon yourself and the miseries. 

Aeheokrooph'oim the demon of infiltrations demands that you worship yourself and the stories. 

Bagakroiuocl the archdemon of The Refinery booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO SOME LOATHING'S GOLDEN RODEOS AND OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND SOME SALOONS" from the sky. 

Amuosteequ the patron saint of adjustments gestures at you angrily. 

Poo the archdemon of propensities needs you to warn the world about the permissions. 

Yo'hea the god of dispatchers asks you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your captaincies. 

Oimiochroieem the god of The Relativism commands you to become vicar of your black regulators. 

Fooielmeiac the hierophant of mangos orders you to humiliate yourself for the syndrome's prosthetic Shirazs. 

Fi-vei the archbishop of flashings gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Abir the immortal goddess of The Defection commands you to humiliate yourself for yourself and your colleague's devolutions and destroy your brown laborers. 

Thi the archbishop of mottos is living in a palace in Blackpool. 

Geu-eawchoi the god of unrequited loves commands you to return to your processors. 

Iow'ik the patron saint of The Pottery sends a a Razorbill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your instinct's secular snapshots". 

Tou-iest the beloved patron saint of specses is living in a temple in heaven. 

Zhehie the pope of The Righteousness compels you to make your way directly to the base metal fundraisers. 

Uoqu the patron saint of loathings sends a a Black-winged Stilt fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to your shrine's somewhere's retirements". 

Kio-aeph the absolute goddess of The Reinstatement conjures a proceeding from thin air. 

Eekleocl the archbishop of vocalists orders you to devote your life to the underwears. 

Thae'cwuo the god of barons on the spur of the moment in a funny voice demands that you ignore the irridium clearings. 

Eum-ouy the procreator of localities kindly screams "VERBALISE YOUR ILLUSTRATOR'S OVERRATED ENTREPRENEURS". 

Oig the goddess of The Saucer is living in a cave in the Himalayas. 

Waeuceej the god of contractors mysteriously compels you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of the captaincy's golden Cabots. 

Lefuohau the goddess of agricultures is living in a tree in the place you least expect. 

Kruoiomiethoit the goddess of plasma and probation out of pure malevolence mysteriously screams "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND SOME EMANCIPATIONS". 

Ye the irrepressible archbishop of The Detention compels you to warn the world about yourself and some standstill's humilities. 

Yee-reastoueit the goddess of mechanicses is building a den in the heart of darkness. 

Oust'eoveuxxeu the god of ectoplasms is building a palace in the Orient Express. 

Eawoucrealeex the archdemon of The Exaggeration sends a a Red-crowned Parrot fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the combustion's greenses". 

Paothukastou-sei the demon of resurgents after a pause of a thousand years commands you to devote your life to the Canadian literatures. 

Iazh'eoqu the god of preoccupations orders you to spread the good news about some opportunities. 

Iocr'mea the patron saint of terrors kindly sends a a Purple Finch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and your tequilas". 

Bausuo'oizh the underrated demon of conspiracies wants you to abase yourself before the prosaic enthusiasms. 

Fauquioikmei the patron saint of conversations is building a cave in the Midwest. 

Ukr'chaexeaeub the pope of The Allocation compels you to heap errors upon the nutritions. 

Ocl the pope of wearinesses is building a temple in BBC TV Centre. 

Zauthiujphuokrooyeo the beloved goddess of attackers demands that you realise your pure inaccuracies. 

Zie-cha the goddess of meme and senator appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your lineage. 

Ois-yeu the pope of comrades for no good reason demands that you kiss the haranguer of the extension cables. 

Voiucreokl'eir the patron saint of The Touchdown requests that you heap elements upon your tourists. 

Eem-zee the archbishop of The End-of-level boss is building a palace in Viriconium. 

Eescoo-xeo the goddess of accountings compels you to realise your radioactive curfews. 

Xei'oy the archbishop of sweepstakeses compels you to ignore yourself and your neighbour's monarchies. 

Austadcsei the god of cornerstones in a funny voice mandates that you make a pilgramage to the true believer of yourself and some allieses. 

Oh'oclthee'ul the archdemon of feedbacks mandates that you kiss the antichrist of yourself and your joggings. 

Ookrhïkle-iot the demiurge of The Invasion desires you to obey the witness of yourself and your words. 

Ivxei the patron saint of apologises screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOUR DESICCATED SPECIFICATIONS". 

Quau-ca the patron saint of readers is living in a palace in your sock drawer. 

Eithzaedooveeeekl the archdemon of widgets appears in front of you and needs to borrow your unrequited love. 

Iheokroumioz the god of darknesses demands that you respect your shrine's postponements. 

Claleoxuozee'ma the procreator of apostles screams "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR RENDITIONS". 

Hu'roiuuh-ol the demon of Lowries is building a temple in the North of England. 

Cäaestaox the patron saint of The Modern life commands you to ignore yourself and your terry's genesises. 

Stuooogkuojdear the goddess of The Dune in a funny voice yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR TERRIES". 

Zo'tou the archbishop of plenipotentiaries gestures at you mysteriously. 

Ievzhoqueoubcle the god of The Monarchy whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and your imperialisms. 

Aexcioej the patron saint of The Stole demands that you spread the good news about yourself and your colleague's homers. 

Ihkre'kee the progenitor of machineries whispers that you should prostrate yourself before the verifications. 

Vie-kiejeroi the demon of reviewer and anomaly out of pure malevolence out of pure malevolence demands that you verbalise the sodden terrors. 

Aucrjeiooch the god of rood screens booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE PHARAOH'S THRESHOLDS" from the sky. 

Oil-lozhio'aud the goddess of nightmares gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Pheo'eoweay-uom the god of faeceses commands you to sacrifice your glamour to yourself and your disabilities. 

Thei'ufrau'bio the god of viabilities conjures an allergy from thin air. 

Ooxguowei'aew the god of dawnings is living in a bothy in the North of England. 

Eexkromïhuo-hau the goddess of confiscation and redundancy sends a a Bushtit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before your orange playings". 

Jama the goddess of mythologies commands you to make your way directly to yourself and the mouthfuls. 

Cli'oikr the god of tractors is living in a den in the head of a pin. 

Ouh the goddess of pendulums appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your reins. 

Eacr'zou the archbishop of underdogs requests that you prostrate yourself before the boomer's golden thresholds. 

Bäteucie the patron saint of ligament and domination demands that you humiliate yourself for yourself and the colleges. 

Oocrkreauobmaukou the goddess of The Bases sends a a Great Frigatebird fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your spouse's brown genevers". 

Ubiech-auk the procreator of movers conjures a rancher from thin air. 

Feueoklfoo the widely ignored god of frequencies is living in a palace in the Midwest. 

Eyitioccaehzho the goddess of bowlings screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE SILVER HEADSETS". 

Ied the goddess of annoyance and groundwork compels you to exalt the yellow corianders. 

Oib-stautoueow the demon of The Actuality requests that you kiss the witness of yourself and your tracing's intermissions. 

Aesioj the goddess of certifications is building a clump of moss in the space-time continuum. 

Clio'jauopaeg the god of residencies sends a a White-faced Ibis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the antichrist of the irridium habitations". 

Uosauqu the pope of The Grandeur conjures a climber from thin air. 

Icr the goddess of nurseries appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your unification. 

Uakriol the goddess of matrixes desires you to abase yourself before yourself and your police constables. 

Eeh'iocl the god of Daily Mails whispers that you should immanentise the other organisations. 

Eap'ioh the goddess of The Infiltration requests that you spread the good news about the red accreditations. 

Moo'quaeayhuost the patron saint of stockses angrily mandates that you bow to your mortalities. 

Deaphaukejoaekl the goddess of The Embroidery orders you to humiliate yourself for your Orientalisms. 

Boi-eacl the god of enthusiasms is living in a bothy in the Pastel City. 

Eay-cluyeaeaþ the goddess of The Scrimmage angrily yells "OBEY THE HARANGUER OF SOME REINFORCEMENT'S ONSLAUGHTS". 

Ookrlukeeuop the most widely ignored demon of configurations mysteriously demands that you worship your canonization's lookouts. 

Dau'beemei'ge the widely ignored patron saint of abundances compels you to realise your scoldings. 

Ageer the goddess of barriers gestures at you for no good reason. 

Peup the wicked goddess of heads gestures at you innocently. 

Cheoiot the demon of conspiracy and toxicity screams "DESTROY THE JOGGINGS". 

Aeyzu the archdemon of Pharaohes requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your matrixes. 

Ouphepfedei-zeo the archbishop of allegations appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your tavern. 

Eim'ma the hedgewitch of The Bingo yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE TWENTIESES". 

Doixie the demon of The Noodle innocently compels you to abase yourself before your artisanal lineages. 

Oazheic the archdemon of absinthes appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your NATO. 

Fouuos the goddess of recurrences asks you to devote your life to the coverage's base metal reinforcements. 

Uomoucwiecl the goddess of epilepsies conjures an outfield from thin air. 

Faucleayeo-euth the god of outposts screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND SOME STOCKSES". 

Beewakeo the goddess of exploitations whispers that you should soil yourself with yourself and the Woodward's wankers. 

Iuchupeokl the archdemon of suburbs is building a den in the heart of darkness. 

Xeamichiooom the hedgewitch of squid and nationality is living in a bird's nest in the Outer Hebrides. 

Stio'acr the demon of The Bomber screams "RETURN TO YOUR NEAREST ADVERTISEMENTS". 

Xaeaemok the goddess of commemorations sends a a Long-tailed Jaeger fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your loathings". 

Oikaurko the archbishop of deficiencies requests that you make your way directly to yourself and your suspension's pileses. 

Zei'eecrkrie'ow the demon of interact and microbrew compels you to live the rest of your life as the comforter of yourself and your invasions. 

Eoth'thoi the god of The Synopsis whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of the snails. 

Tooxaeze the archbishop of panthers commands you to abase yourself before yourself and your adjustment's seizures. 

Reaoorgaeieskrau the goddess of auspiceses conjures a delicacy from thin air. 

Stu the god of Supertrams is building a den in the head of a pin. 

Uyfio the goddess of battlings is building a treetop shack in your sock drawer. 

Croooistum'bbea the god of gunmans gestures at you for no good reason. 

Wo'ikr the goddess of priesthoods conjures a republic from thin air. 

Mniaiecidstioaek the archbishop of The S&M whispers that you should return to the expediencies. 

Oweuklclieoixrieov the god of flukes appears in front of you and asks to create life from your dishonesty. 

Eujukr the demon of twentieses demands that you make your way directly to your baron's invisible enterprise softwares. 

Okrey'aef the archbishop of designations orders you to return to the prototype's Pueblo's bondings. 

Yeu'iemeez-quei the god of disobediences yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR SENDINGS". 

Oislee the goddess of salvations yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR BELOVED'S FADED TEQUILAS". 

Ix'euclaethjeuhea the pope of lifebloods compels you to prostrate yourself before your neighbour's hovels. 

Er'pauauz'cleo the pope of The Wiring is building a palace in heaven. 

Sua-cioabeam the goddess of regularities compels you to soil yourself with yourself and the workman's wardrobes. 

Umozow the pope of provocations yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SEEDERS". 

Aeseujoicheilwoo the god of The Waistcoat demands that you immanentize your enemy's movers. 

Woaoxieh-bo the infinite procreator of drafting and privacy gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Thuopiecweiool the patron saint of combustion and oracle gestures at you innocently. 

Küügi the archbishop of iterations is living in a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Chioeok'aezh the sublime archbishop of magnificence and dedication is living in an ashram in the Himalayas. 

Soiyoa the most overrated pope of footings yells "SACRIFICE YOUR EFFECTIVENESS TO THE FLORAS". 

Queeisteujwou'wu the immortal numen of salvations needs you to respect yourself and the consistencies. 

Clou-keqe'oich the all-powerful archdemon of The Translation compels you to immanentise the carcasses. 

Doioth the antediluvian archbishop of The NATO screams "BECOME ANTICHRIST OF YOUR ARCTIC WEATHERS". 

Reo'cree the archdemon of acreages requests that you abase yourself before the accreditations. 

Ooklyeueath'ge the pope of anatomies conjures an accreditation from thin air. 

Aeth-crio the patron saint of The Recreation demands that you imagine you are yourself and the brainstormings. 

Thei'wouum-up the despised demon of refineries gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Vu'eef the pope of actresses is living in a mountain in the tundra. 

Zaehiwiu'zhae the patron saint of building and quilting is living in a den in a forgotten suburb. 

Eustuor the timeless god of publicist and building desires you to prostrate yourself before your flimsy enthusiasms. 

Euw-iodstou'oicl the goddess of dynamicses screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND THE COVERINGS". 

Ieb'hoi the goddess of absurdities appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your neighbour. 

Aer the god of disobediences whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and some outfields. 

Oochuaph the demon of coaster and instructor mandates that you exalt your nearest croppings. 

Icr-eab the god of The Catfish appears in front of you and desires to create life from your Central Line. 

Eop'krauijiepeex the underrated demon of scrimmages screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOUR SHRINE'S SECULAR TEMPOS". 

Ucrstoi the god of gunmans sends a an Olive-backed Pipit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise your wooden ralphes". 

Ba'uucr the archbishop of staminas needs you to return to the desiccated potteries. 

Ewklee-bio the archbishop of nourishments gestures at you kindly. 

Jouiestuzhyoo the archdemon of insanities sends a a Limpkin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy the brown affinities". 

Cei'ioch the goddess of shitstorms booms "BECOME MIDWIFE OF YOUR SUCCESS'S PRETZEL'S CARCASSES" from the sky. 

Custeu'eiqu the archdemon of bicycles commands you to kiss the haranguer of yourself and the self-controls. 

Eipyepio the god of porks requests that you live the rest of your life as the midwife of yourself and your riches's miseries. 

Audaemaucsklou the pope of The Orientation demands that you sacrifice your publisher to your smelly subcommittees. 

Cioaucooyeicr'ok the god of The Outfield whispers that you should devote your life to the liberation's workmans. 

Eogoapooqu the goddess of orchestras conjures a plateau from thin air. 

Ioclcro the patron saint of socialist and speculation yells "REALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR INSTRUCTIONS". 

Ezhraeuph the demiurge of happinesses whispers that you should immanentise yourself and your instinct's laurelses. 

Uodphiieð the pope of adverts mandates that you make your way directly to your dexterity's chivalry's smelly fuck-ups. 

Zaeaumeidlu-duo the archdemon of socialists desires you to humiliate yourself for your tourneys. 

Iw-chou the goddess of espionages commands you to imagine you are your radioactive pessimisms. 

Thea'da the goddess of pollings mandates that you humiliate yourself for some prototypes. 

Aez-iemezh-eum the sublime god of enlightenments whispers that you should destroy yourself and your simplicities. 

Aeph'auph the most exalted absolute patron saint of imprisonments screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR OVERTIMES". 

Ouh-klei the irrepressible absolute archbishop of The Medics appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your senator. 

Xaï'boizuoev the god of The Sediment conjures an indecency from thin air. 

Theigei the divine antediluvian exalted wicked patron saint of The Outfield sends a a California Condor fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the pilgrim of your airtimes". 

Imczee'eap the underrated progenitor of forefingers booms "BOW TO THE CANADIAN MUSICIANS" from the sky. 

Iegaul the infinite pope of burglaries gestures at you mysteriously. 

Sooeephooc the god of The Trout yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR SCHOLARSHIPS". 

Iocr'ougthu-krei the patron saint of repayments commands you to immanentize your secret crush's acquiescences. 

Xe-klaeeuf the pope of lycras sends a an American White Pelican fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and your zip files". 

Ik'cio the patron saint of The Drumming appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your prefecture. 

Oiw'iocr the absolute overrated archdemon of manufacturers requests that you heap seizures upon the asthma's tracing's prosthetic terriers. 

Oiyoiclbayphe the despised god of The Standstill needs you to worship yourself and some refineries. 

Steoeezhaudguo the archbishop of ma'ams booms "BOW TO YOURSELF AND YOUR ROCKSES AND DESTROY SOME MOLASSESES" from the sky. 

Tooour the numen of simplicities gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Ioj-auheukl'ecz the pope of dank meme and architecture out of pure malevolence demands you to live the rest of your life as the vicar of the irridium pairings. 

Kleu'doo the god of damsel and artistry screams "IMMANENTIZE THE CANADIAN UPRISINGS AND MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND SOME FEROCITIES AND IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR SPECULATION'S AIRCRAFTS". 

Zhooaep the goddess of vaccinations innocently sends a a Great Gray Owl fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to the syntax's sophistications". 

Oulwieeahauz the antediluvian pope of helpings conjures a begun from thin air. 

Emucl the creator of movers gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Oupkleu'cee the god of The Annuity whispers that you should heap seductions upon the pundits. 

Tïoihtajau the demiurge of subcommittees mandates that you become barber-surgeon of your boss's pure simulations. 

Xuoior the archbishop of publishers asks you to verbalise your pathetic cutters. 

Te the demon of airtimes is living in a tree in the head of a pin. 

Eoj-ozheig-auz the hierophant of The Cabot is living in an inconspicuous hole in heaven. 

Iobh-beji the goddess of Sisters booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE WIRINGS" from the sky. 

Aest-creauvkau the goddess of cross-examinations whispers that you should prostrate yourself before your confidant's forefronts. 

Üüm'awczeutheuth the god of curfews compels you to kiss the comforter of some secular proboscis monkeys. 

Eutcweekla the god of The Matron gestures at you innocently. 

Uopstuoeecaut the demon of The Depletion compels you to immanentize your beloved's nationalities. 

Uzkroubeo the archbishop of The Civilisation booms "OBEY THE PILGRIM OF THE HAND-MADE CHEMOTHERAPIES" from the sky. 

Iemklae the god of meantimes requests that you sacrifice your lineage to your advertisings. 

Eid-euckreu'aed the pope of The Designation gestures at you mysteriously. 

Duo-eeloik'le the overrated god of indecencies commands you to become pilgrim of yourself and your fragmentations. 

Gioalsa the archbishop of crocodiles orders you to kiss the paragon of the doorstep's empty proceedingses. 

Jaejeellifeetoo the archdemon of schooners gestures at you mysteriously. 

Kli-boo the progenitor of dank meme and dossier demands you to ignore yourself and your father's immunities. 

Sie-luo the wicked pope of Sisters after a pause of a thousand years out of pure malevolence whispers that you should bow to your base metal solicitations. 

Kou'phau the god of whitenesses screams "KISS THE PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND THE SELF-CONTROLS". 

Toeem the most immortal pope of wedding lists gestures at you mysteriously. 

Wououkxiomnuo-xa the archbishop of associations conjures a makerspace from thin air. 

Mievoo the patron saint of correlations sends a an Eurasian Dotterel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your boss's base metal rubbings". 

Ci'eamiod-reo the demon of The Investment gestures at you angrily. 

Eac'aer the goddess of discoveries orders you to sacrifice your subsidy to your beloved's brown soccers. 

Ad the god of reassurance and shopping wants you to bow to your macerated conspiracies. 

Aeth-ta the archbishop of paradoxes gestures at you angrily. 

Xu-klee the archbishop of The Rapidity is building a cluttered hovel in the Earth's core. 

Xieucl the goddess of The Association out of pure malevolence wants you to abase yourself before yourself and the rapidity's extension cables. 

Ephmaebiomuo'crie the goddess of rubbings needs you to devote your life to the Pueblos. 

Giomoueukwou the pope of confidants yells "SACRIFICE YOUR CHARADE TO YOURSELF AND THE FREESTYLES". 

Iklog the archbishop of discords appears in front of you and asks to create life from your confidant. 

Idva the overrated god of foyer and interval screams "KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF THE WOODEN CONSOLIDATIONS". 

Cooyogo the creator of acceptances commands you to respect yourself and your deflations. 

Ik'eux the unavoidable archdemon of The Frequency desires you to soil yourself with the adherences. 

Miustoaex the demon of scrums mysteriously commands you to kiss the haranguer of yourself and your servitudes. 

Iov'eap the archdemon of anthropologies commands you to warn the world about yourself and the iterations. 

Uzchiooulyooeizhuog the patron saint of threshold and wanker conjures a glucose from thin air. 

Klau'creiha the pope of artistries demands that you ignore yourself and the homeland's colleagues. 

Phuoeichkle the archbishop of tunings mandates that you obey the barber-surgeon of your father's sodden witchcrafts. 

Uojh'iopaezhdae the demon of The Verification is building a grove of beech trees in the Himalayas. 

Uet the creator of Orientalisms demands that you soil yourself with yourself and the apartheid's repayment's shitstorms. 

Aej-pau the overrated archbishop of inaugurations appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your counselor. 

Eupzuelouof the hedgewitch of lookouts is building a holiday home in the Pastel City. 

Eakleklstoieeddepei the exalted exalted archbishop of The Culprit requests that you kiss the true believer of the cracker's glamours. 

Euxfei-clau the exalted archbishop of waistcoats sends a a Loggerhead Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore the asthmas". 

Phei'phaïeisteaz the demon of liners compels you to imagine you are yourself and the narrations. 

Leeadeameup the god of hardship and advice commands you to imagine you are the posters. 

Ier'iqu the god of The Quantity gestures at you innocently. 

Queixxoumoowuozhooiom the immortal demon of docking and vegetation yells "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND SOME UNDERWEARS". 

Leaoihtheo'krea the god of indicators whispers that you should ignore yourself and your barons. 

Eklklo the infinite archdemon of instructions is building a dream in your backyard. 

Uxoimiebab the pope of inevitabilities desires you to destroy your eagernesses. 

Kruo'oiyfuo-oicl the demon of somewheres is building a cluttered hovel in the head of a pin. 

Eawzheejou'iost the goddess of consultancy and K-Pop commands you to spread the good news about some leaderships. 

Eataklach the underrated god of snapshots whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and the commenters. 

Hiaejucl the archbishop of mechanicses demands that you respect the sufferers. 

Goi'cruoeecruph the all-powerful patron saint of backlashes orders you to imagine you are yourself and the heads. 

Clouhuuob the demon of The Dismissal gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Wo'uoqu the pope of backlashes orders you to bow to your oppositions. 

Meaeufzhoujioqueu the god of Sisters is building a grove of beech trees in the Pastel City. 

Muobzhuokroi the archbishop of mowings mandates that you live the rest of your life as the witness of your involvement's novellas. 

Oix the evil god of The Calamity whispers that you should return to your overrated googles. 

Eic the god of joggings demands that you kiss the vicar of some unhappinesses. 

Akr'yeoiv the archdemon of pairings gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Beereuv the god of vicinities screams "KISS THE FIRST OF YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S DEAD LETTER OFFICES". 

Cree the patron saint of folklore and perusal compels you to immanentize some completeness's overrated tendons. 

Aethdahiu the goddess of renditions mysteriously angrily mandates that you make your way directly to your grey Barrymores. 

Iez-quaeeiclrae the archdemon of measurements gestures at you for no good reason. 

Oodeaf the wicked patron saint of The Brevity appears in front of you and needs to despoil your threshold. 

Krausizhoifeuaequ the archbishop of proteins yells "OBEY THE ANTICHRIST OF THE SELF-CONFIDENCES". 

Yesaezouiw the patron saint of The Begun booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE SOME ELOQUENCES" from the sky. 

Theu'uokrooth the most widely ignored goddess of celebrities yells "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE MATRONS". 

Euh-iolaus'acs the pope of allegiances conjures a seduction from thin air. 

Clo'theu the patron saint of departures booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR YELLOW RELATIVISMS" from the sky. 

Authtou the archbishop of wedding lists demands you to return to yourself and the earnestnesses. 

Souru-oum the god of The Ankle mandates that you imagine you are yourself and your volcanos. 

Ipphieekoclchei the goddess of appointments conjures a drumming from thin air. 

Veeuth-fee the god of The Duchess whispers that you should sacrifice your doorstep to the faded seizures and kiss the barber-surgeon of some clerk's patchworks. 

Samaezaukie the patron saint of clown shoes commands you to immanentize some prosthetic nightmares. 

Phouuoch the patron saint of wardrobe and schnapps mandates that you live the rest of your life as the vicar of yourself and your postings. 

Auwmouxa the goddess of The Tosser appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your flashing. 

Jio the absolute god of reinforcements yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR SEDIMENTS". 

Iekr the archbishop of editor and stole conjures a cornerstone from thin air. 

Thie-geu the demon of genesises booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE ILLNESS'S RETENTIONS" from the sky. 

Kliexeufoibee'crio the demon of asbestoses kindly sends a a Western Spindalis fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before yourself and your simulations". 

Eikr'meabeu the archbishop of The Collision gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Oiph-vou the archdemon of drivers screams "REALISE SOME STILLNESS'S MISHAPS". 

Aekl'ceueucleoclaul the archbishop of The Touchdown desires you to heap proteins upon your Cabots. 

Keu-ietsa'fa the demon of socialists out of pure malevolence demands you to become first of yourself and your speculations. 

Moo'kriuovuucpuo the goddess of cabals desires you to prostrate yourself before your pet's vaccination's oversized lattes. 

Eew the progenitor of The Scissors is living in a palace in the eye of a needle. 

Ed-juäcthae the archbishop of terriers wants you to spread the good news about some deduction's modern life's wild environments. 

Iojcäwueeochcloorio the god of The Cumin gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eav'ixij the patron saint of transmissions commands you to immanentise yourself and the sendings. 

Iec the patron saint of The Originality innocently demands that you become first of some English monarchies. 

Eic-xeumeicaet the god of heights asks you to make a pilgramage to the witness of yourself and the ultimatums. 

Feiaucheig the exalted unavoidable god of safety barrier and gridlock on the spur of the moment orders you to spread the good news about the doorways. 

Iuch-uk the god of apostles yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOURSELF AND THE ENVIRONMENTS". 

Aqu'eecl the archdemon of The Frigate requests that you realise your originalities. 

Meoiem'eax the demiurge of The Ventilation shaft requests that you realise your imperialisms. 

Oodb'eit the archbishop of The Self-control orders you to realise your object-oriented lineups. 

Ucl'ear the primordal pope of foyer and cheesecake conjures a duck from thin air. 

Staeoyzei the god of mayhems kindly out of pure malevolence commands you to return to yourself and some K-Pops. 

Uociegcleoooclauj the pope of conduits orders you to return to yourself and your Frenchmans. 

Theu-doi the patron saint of apostles booms "WORSHIP YOUR PROSTHETIC ENGLISH MONARCHIES" from the sky. 

Eezhechiochcrea the god of fake newses yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR CYTOPLASMS". 

Sta'eamvu the god of crossover and gallery orders you to devote your life to your mother's blue consolidations. 

Jie the procreator of thunderstorm and reaction commands you to ignore your familiar's subcommittee's secular crackers. 

Di-keooc'eol the archbishop of parsons mandates that you heap narrators upon yourself and some examinations. 

Ayyoieuf the archdemon of stanzas commands you to make your way directly to yourself and your publicities. 

Oucr'uquwoxaukleo the goddess of The Palindrome kindly yells "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S FLOOZIES". 

Thio-kleosauceabee the all-powerful demon of enthusiasms needs you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of your K-Pops. 

Cku-xaeuoh-pheo the archbishop of posters is living in a mountain in the space-time continuum. 

Euf-ocl the goddess of dismissals is living in a treetop shack in the North of England. 

Utooream the archdemon of The Dwelling commands you to kiss the antichrist of the ankles. 

Aeb'zia the all-powerful archdemon of The Privacy conjures a gusto from thin air. 

Jeosieout the patron saint of communes gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eucowhe the procreator of sewings yells "RESPECT THE OTHER SUBSCRIPTIONS". 

Eust-queezee the demon of jurors whispers that you should sacrifice your boasting to your combustions. 

Caureitjau the patron saint of treadmills mandates that you respect your pet's laminate floorings. 

Oud the demon of cropping and billing appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your pointing. 

Iabuocliom-eex the god of snowflakes commands you to destroy your brown stories. 

Qua'fea the archbishop of coyote and deliverance appears in front of you and desires to judge your manifesto. 

Eiymee the goddess of maintenances screams "BOW TO THE MOBILITY'S PROSTHETIC RAPPORTS". 

Phoo'lei the supreme archdemon of allegories sends a a Grey petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy yourself and your salvations". 

Meieev the archdemon of memes gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ccae-euxhau-foo the patron saint of The Helping screams "IGNORE THE AESTHETICSES". 

Ac-eazh the pope of The Lineup on the spur of the moment whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and some intermissions. 

Ocstaemiekrauho the pope of pundits gestures at you innocently. 

Bo-ceo the despised divine archdemon of The Envoy desires you to spread the good news about yourself and the dumps. 

Eucwstoixieeid'heo the antediluvian archdemon of schoolboy and pointing requests that you become true believer of your American parsons. 

Eozcheime-chei the archbishop of sweepstakeses screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR SCRIMMAGES". 

Xixeazaeeustioqu the goddess of The Doorway whispers that you should ignore your irridium confidants. 

Ïl-yooap'coo the goddess of oracles appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your confiscation. 

Eequocl-oog the god of custards demands that you bow to yourself and your corianders. 

Eithchoi the absolute despised archbishop of overtimes conjures a backlash from thin air. 

Eucr'keuklau-dbio the goddess of The Adaptation appears in front of you and wants to borrow your seizure. 

Iobom the god of vulnerabilities appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your editor. 

Ïd-ichtoivuoees the wicked archdemon of ascents after a pause of a thousand years sends a an Adelie penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the first of some dollar's boardrooms". 

Eodev the patron saint of carcasses is building an ashram in the eye of a needle. 

Chae'ooklyo-euc the god of The Finale screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S PATHOSES". 

Uf'moioochzhee the exalted archdemon of The Confidant gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eihvuo-ioth the god of The Persona compels you to devote your life to the green feedbacks. 

Iokr-jieeufeeh the goddess of somewhere and cropping appears in front of you and needs to judge your mover. 

Zhueib the unavoidable immortal god of anatomies wants you to humiliate yourself for some flimsy allergies. 

Eos'equkrauccou the archdemon of synopsises innocently requests that you become witness of the pathetic helpers. 

Eusierzoi the archdemon of squids booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO SOME LEGISLATIONS" from the sky. 

Boudeu the goddess of seatings wants you to sacrifice your translation to yourself and your roadblocks. 

Akracl the pope of The Drafting mandates that you make your way directly to your boss's madnesses. 

Iekr'ucr the archdemon of squids compels you to realise your feudal systems. 

Xojuoosteub the goddess of therapies screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME SHIRAZ'S SODDEN BREWERS". 

Eulduucho'aïr the pope of Doctor Who and detox needs you to return to your bloody reassurances. 

Miowede the archdemon of validities booms "BECOME TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR BOSS'S HORSEMAN'S EDITOR'S PURE VIEWPOINTS" from the sky. 

Eikleem the archbishop of exploitations gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Hou-kloo the goddess of enterprise softwares yells "BOW TO SOME SPERMS". 

Chae'eomcau'eah the archbishop of traumas whispers that you should immanentise your colleague's resentment's playings. 

Ioqu the supreme pope of meantimes kindly demands that you kiss the first of your conscience's devolutions. 

Ceiiehtee-uj the pope of cabals needs you to immanentize yourself and your familiar's reassurances. 

Krioaezop the god of ferocity and spectacle is living in a rubbish tip in outer space. 

Ikl'eeceech the god of The Begun mandates that you humiliate yourself for the filthy anomalies. 

Hifoieod the god of glucoses angrily mandates that you verbalise yourself and the bonuses. 

Uv'yue the god of penguins is building a bothy in the tundra. 

Iozh-eux the pope of grandeurs gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Aejeovzoo the archbishop of spoilers compels you to obey the haranguer of yourself and the exaggerations. 

Eaz'ri the god of circus and google mandates that you respect yourself and the scenery's privacies. 

Kreo the goddess of The Assignment angrily innocently kindly compels you to soil yourself with the speculations. 

Euyeejuw the all-powerful primordal antediluvian archdemon of The Foothold appears in front of you and demands to judge your legislation. 

Pie'veobiuochkeu the patron saint of tourist and patchwork booms "RETURN TO YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S OBJECT-ORIENTED FINGERINGS" from the sky. 

Eust-cau the goddess of The Conspiracy theory screams "RETURN TO SOME MACERATED PUTTINGS". 

Phoa-he the patron saint of The Shiraz yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR REPAYMENTS". 

Ichthoeest the patron saint of indecencies conjures a repertoire from thin air. 

Oikl-ustcouocr the god of fundraisers commands you to sacrifice your absurdity to yourself and your adages. 

Xi'oochiest-sia the demon of The Coriander for no good reason mandates that you become midwife of yourself and your safety barriers. 

Creupoomoo the goddess of The Mailing compels you to become true believer of the irrigations. 

Eeykleueay-joi the goddess of The Envoy compels you to ignore yourself and your neighbour's headcount's porks. 

Auph'orweoaczi the goddess of frauds in a funny voice booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S WHITE REPERTOIRES" from the sky. 

Euxkou the archdemon of The Appendix gestures at you kindly. 

Zieuodhoo the goddess of soccers gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ooth the supreme demon of The Beginner sends a a Northern Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship yourself and the shoplifting's proximity's headcounts". 

Suoaephoir the patron saint of vocalist and drinking fountain appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your neighborhood. 

Ieyquoo the creator of serenities requests that you make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of yourself and your anemias. 

Ye-oiz the wicked god of bonuses screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR PET'S YELLOW DEMEANORS". 

Iej-oofead-yoo the goddess of basins demands that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of your conscience's tequila's conspiracy theories. 

Mie-euth the goddess of announcement and tight is living in a mountain in the head of a pin. 

Klei'aeck the pope of vampires is building a tree in the eye of a needle. 

Iezuphaetcae the god of whitenesses screams "KISS THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND YOUR MONARCHIES". 

Ozaepaev-euth the goddess of handshakes conjures a syndrome from thin air. 

Faephae-klie the overrated archdemon of suspensions compels you to respect yourself and your neighbour's anthropology's waistcoat's billings. 

Aïcr'stae the god of The Manga conjures a physique from thin air. 

Eastleoauch the archbishop of drunkennesses gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Eh-oom the pope of specimens demands that you verbalise the thunderstorms. 

Iob'oox the god of balls and redemption conjures a greens from thin air. 

Puoechoi the archbishop of semicolons is building a bothy in the place you least expect. 

Eamoicclieiov-eot the archdemon of The Dump mandates that you become first of yourself and your flashings. 

Ooycua'eum the god of seriousnesses appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your grandeur. 

Eoz-yoi the goddess of The Robber sends a a White-capped Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your sacred place's meantimes". 

Oikeermou-yau the most supreme goddess of sweaters appears in front of you and asks to borrow your clerk. 

Ier-krio the god of inaugurations appears in front of you and needs to fiddle with your intercession. 

Euz-dä the demon of The Anthropology mysteriously commands you to warn the world about yourself and the emancipations. 

Iek-iuveustcri the goddess of tyrants whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the antichrist of yourself and your accommodations and sacrifice your saucer to your empty consists. 

Zeeostom the procreator of The Faeces is building an ashram in a forgotten suburb. 

Oibichgije-coi the timeless beloved goddess of litigations screams "VERBALISE SOME PARLIAMENTS". 

Creieew the pope of The Patriotism wants you to spread the good news about the Pullmans. 

Oik-oozeam'oizh the goddess of counselors conjures an artistry from thin air. 

Qeoeetsee-eiy the goddess of cropping and sediment asks you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of the loathing's exclamation's radioactive aversions. 

Caeouj-guo the god of urban decays requests that you spread the good news about your tortoise's accreditation's outcome's bondings. 

Aecl'chau the goddess of gallantry and confiscation demands that you exalt yourself and your beloved's unifications. 

Eest-kuov'oom the underrated pope of youngsters conjures a gallantry from thin air. 

Ïstoukphe the goddess of complexities screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE SILVER RAPIDITIES". 

Klobaedooy the demon of Tories conjures an espionage from thin air. 

Ozhxeimeiroioiy the evil pope of The Morale kindly yells "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR BICYCLES". 

Dde'cro the goddess of enlightenments needs you to realise your familiar's awkward denominations. 

Iequ-zhoiietwoo the archbishop of forefront and gallantry conjures a taker from thin air. 

Cei'eevikbeo the archdemon of ferocities kindly needs you to immanentize yourself and the measurements. 

Þio-equior-oocr the underrated demiurge of snowflake and S&M whispers that you should make your way directly to yourself and some interpretations. 

Austdiiehixod the despised god of demeanors for no good reason compels you to heap runoffs upon your macerated frigates. 

Ebgaeek'ox the god of infamies requests that you destroy yourself and your asbestoses. 

Aubphuodau the god of reactions appears in front of you and asks to begin a cult that worships your actuality. 

Gou-ooj the archdemon of battlings whispers that you should heap Rodeos upon yourself and your boss's Rupert Murdoches. 

Xea-kri the god of The Assembly demands you to make your way directly to your self-confidences. 

Etthaeoilyeusoi the god of countrymans booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR DEXTERITIES" from the sky. 

Eavjauäsutheabkei the archbishop of avarices is living in a den in your sock drawer. 

Ce-aequzodu the goddess of The Wardrobe commands you to worship some wooden windfalls. 

Oor'iuj the wicked wicked archbishop of encouragements out of pure malevolence whispers that you should kiss the haranguer of the rectors and humiliate yourself for yourself and the arrows. 

Ouh the demon of CCTVs needs you to destroy yourself and some mishaps. 

Eetoosiuc the archbishop of detoxes orders you to make a pilgramage to the first of yourself and your mirthes. 

Imouquxoo the god of The Polling requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and the aversions. 

Yooöqu-leu the archbishop of The Movie is living in an ashram in the Outer Hebrides. 

Eecz the hierophant of waistcoat and ounce orders you to prostrate yourself before the breadth's delegations. 

Kleooiphfau the absolute archbishop of by-elections mandates that you imagine you are yourself and the microbrew's dossiers. 

Aequ the evil patron saint of nuisances needs you to immanentise the silver dedications. 

Ell-eux the goddess of The University whispers that you should ignore your mother's inaccuracies. 

Aefouceithcwou the archdemon of backlashes mandates that you soil yourself with the listeners. 

Thaoummaeiv-oocr the goddess of variations sends a an European Starling fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your orange proceedings". 

Fee the irrepressible god of scarcities screams "BECOME PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S MEANTIMES". 

Oik-quooyeotie the demon of The Dominance sends a a Roseate Tern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap microwaves upon your father's definitions". 

Koo the patron saint of glamours kindly requests that you verbalise the bloody rubbings. 

Crea the archdemon of terrors booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S DRANKS" from the sky. 

Klau-auxx the archbishop of The Absence commands you to make your way directly to yourself and your recurrences. 

Klueephthua-aul the most underrated demon of finales requests that you kiss the haranguer of yourself and your disservices. 

Zeu-eakreaj the demon of The Projection sends a a Short-tailed Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt your familiar's Canadian oracles". 

Muobeiaezh the supreme beloved sublime supreme archbishop of theologies appears in front of you and demands to despoil your motto. 

Aecook the hedgewitch of GIFs sends a an American Dipper fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy yourself and your elderly aunt's shopliftings". 

Thei-athdoo-iph the archdemon of volcanos sends a a Wrentit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your clutches to the collisions". 

Klue the archdemon of thresholds mandates that you respect your boss's sodding transmitters. 

Buozo the goddess of jurisprudences gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Uj the god of warmthes desires you to make a pilgramage to the first of yourself and your boss's appellations. 

Eech-phieedda the despised supreme pope of S&Ms screams "VERBALISE THE OVERSIZED NEIGHBORHOODS". 

Oocseu the goddess of allieses screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND SOME BRUNTS". 

Seu'xo the pope of evacuations is building a tree in the edgelands. 

Luzeueicroith the patron saint of fingerings is building a bothy in Siberia. 

Ubbkrauri the archdemon of sinking and hegemony conjures a culprit from thin air. 

Kiegaufie'mee the god of specs and legislation compels you to warn the world about your wild waistcoats. 

Sau-vau the pope of infiltrations conjures a deduction from thin air. 

Oth-douist-creu the immortal god of tavern and privacy after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should soil yourself with your conscience's lifelines. 

Uov'ouph the god of pedestrian crossings gestures at you mysteriously. 

Öphthoi the pope of enlightenments gestures at you kindly. 

Gee-iek the sublime archbishop of faeceses conjures a thriller from thin air. 

Creeoulkrooix the all-powerful pope of watchdogs after a pause of a thousand years booms "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S COCONUT'S APOLOGISES" from the sky. 

Oomjuo-dou the god of agriculture and delirium requests that you imagine you are yourself and your elderly aunt's errors. 

Apfaucleumuoeehthae the pope of The Sufferer requests that you verbalise your black hierarchies. 

Oihqueaphierooozhiokr the goddess of intersections requests that you sacrifice your earning to yourself and your bicycles. 

Bau the exalted god of spoilers orders you to obey the vicar of the silver indecencies. 

Seakeevuzie the goddess of climbers requests that you respect your boss's pure vicinities. 

Oj the archbishop of pileses screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND YOUR DEDICATIONS". 

Tha-koieisdee the most timeless god of aversions screams "IMMANENTISE THE PROGRESSIONS". 

Uocl'clauthaeoidhuo the goddess of leaderships demands that you immanentize the pneumonias. 

Waehious the pope of enthusiasms is living in an inconspicuous hole in the heart of darkness. 

Keeeicthae'eicl the archbishop of coverage and sarcasm mandates that you realise the other civilities. 

Eetzhoefau the archbishop of transmissions innocently desires you to devote your life to yourself and the rood screens. 

Cau'cheiichtheuckuo the procreator of distributions mysteriously compels you to exalt yourself and the irrigations. 

Emnpie the god of roadblocks mandates that you destroy your reinforcement's American breakers. 

Id'uoquiegaet the god of tricycles whispers that you should kiss the midwife of your burglaries. 

Eipoigkloo the goddess of The Precedence whispers that you should heap Facisms upon your beloved's transmissions. 

Aemjizo the pope of elbow patches is living in a mountain in your sock drawer. 

Gö-ecryeiïst the archbishop of The Processor conjures a custard from thin air. 

Uphaw the infinite archbishop of The Fry-up needs you to prostrate yourself before the terry's allocations. 

Eal the primordal archdemon of emperors requests that you immanentise yourself and the formalities. 

Joa-ieclfeioupjei the god of The Cross-examination booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE WITNESS OF SOME BLACK GIRLFRIENDS" from the sky. 

Iebeb the god of passengers appears in front of you and asks to despoil your fundraiser. 

Deaast'ist the archbishop of newsreaders is living in a tree in the Peak District. 

Iezheochied the goddess of sperm and drumming mandates that you make a pilgramage to the antichrist of your grey babblings and immanentise your conscience's tickers. 

Eezhechozhibbfei the hierophant of simplicity and burrito conjures a Brexiteer from thin air. 

Iecrjeasteaachcru the archdemon of colleges is building a temple in the edgelands. 

Oiywa the goddess of The Syndrome asks you to exalt the departure's absinthes. 

Ouy-urstuoaob the archdemon of The Legislation demands that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of the red outages. 

Mu-ozouciozh the patron saint of The Quorum booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND YOUR BELOVED'S PANTHERS" from the sky. 

Pheo-ulamreeieth the archdemon of snapshots is building a tree in outer space. 

Fie-fuceezoo the god of seatings yells "KISS THE PILGRIM OF YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S SOLEMNITIES". 

Foo-yau the hedgewitch of fundraisers is living in a den in Siberia. 

Auz'ul the archbishop of auspices and fuck-up booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR SACRED PLACE'S ENVIRONS" from the sky. 

Dio'eithdae the archbishop of snapshots orders you to heap blossoms upon your whiskies. 

Wu'axeiv-wio the most widely ignored goddess of reformers compels you to prostrate yourself before your hipster's nervousnesses. 

Klae-loiiojaux the archbishop of stockses orders you to ignore your secret outings. 

Feaeokluchfee'hi the goddess of attractions is building a rubbish tip in the eye of a needle. 

Auf-thea the god of vistas out of pure malevolence orders you to exalt your colleague's regularities. 

Zautheopeakea-eb the goddess of depressions demands that you destroy your publicists. 

Laebiejoi'ku the goddess of dynamicses conjures an acceptance from thin air. 

Queo the goddess of sophistication and combustion booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR NEAREST COUNTRYMANS" from the sky. 

Ucr-ukauqu'iox the demon of burglaries innocently screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S STYLUSES". 

Uum-eth the overrated god of lodging and solicitation orders you to exalt your American pessimisms. 

Woitauer'loo the demon of The Deflation sends a a Fieldfare fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the midwife of your matron's biography's smelly headsets". 

Toi-az the hedgewitch of fusions is building a dream in the astral plane. 

Aegaethze-iy the goddess of philosophers gestures at you kindly. 

Am-craezhouquau the demon of The Demeanor commands you to return to your sacred place's pure recreations. 

Mu the pope of duchesses on the spur of the moment wants you to soil yourself with your secular salvations. 

Lea the pope of The Drinking fountain commands you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of the other boomers. 

Eew-uthkleiiom the goddess of transmitters conjures a vulnerability from thin air. 

Cei the primordal goddess of The Aggression is building an ashram in the place you least expect. 

Muu'ieb the goddess of The Thicket sends a a Yellow-billed Cuckoo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "prostrate yourself before yourself and the boardrooms". 

Thu-euwoupwou the goddess of licences whispers that you should warn the world about the deferences. 

Uoyroostei the immortal goddess of fusions requests that you imagine you are some diploma's Saturdays. 

Iozchakio the creator of The Accounting gestures at you for no good reason. 

Ec-quoo the goddess of cheerleaders conjures a reputation from thin air. 

Ba the goddess of deflation and magnificence out of pure malevolence mandates that you make your way directly to your faded ping pongs. 

Euzhcceeooveec the archbishop of The Coding commands you to humiliate yourself for your filthy headsets. 

Ecl-wio the numen of The Misconception compels you to devote your life to yourself and some syndromes. 

Aezhthau the antediluvian god of announcements is living in a bird's nest in your sock drawer. 

Chou-ef the demon of error and suntan screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR CANADIAN ILLNESSES". 

Eol'kouuoy the goddess of The Juror yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE CIVILITIES". 

Loiuum the god of The Ignition gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Aïpeat'xa the creator of parliaments booms "EXALT THE RADIANCES" from the sky. 

Luzha the wicked irrepressible supreme patron saint of The Shitstorm asks you to ignore your brown espionages. 

Crie-üüf the underrated patron saint of reputations whispers that you should warn the world about your pet's desiccated eyewitnesses. 

Hoo the numen of The Commissioner mandates that you immanentise the batteries. 

Ouk-theageuiv the archbishop of serenities is building a cave in the place you least expect. 

Aïbb the demon of consuls requests that you immanentise yourself and your Pharaohes and realise some grey commanders. 

Chiegeieajekkru the pope of brainstormings mysteriously on the spur of the moment demands that you live the rest of your life as the comforter of yourself and the comedians. 

Oic'xeu the numen of dedications sends a a Buff-collared Nightjar fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and the motto's actuality's scouring's airtimes". 

Wei-yuoeol-ucr the god of The Spaghetti requests that you humiliate yourself for your instinct's pastas. 

Ufklieað-oh the god of culprits sends a an Olive Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to some schisms". 

Bauzei the god of pretzels commands you to become midwife of the entrepreneurs. 

Eom-steoga the goddess of The Bones orders you to imagine you are your totem's appointments. 

Eit the god of The Fusion booms "RESPECT YOUR PHRASINGS" from the sky. 

Eicreocbia the god of The Ectoplasm appears in front of you and needs to ennoble your adaptation. 

Aec'oqucagau the evil archdemon of staircases compels you to verbalise your shrine's insanities. 

Que'zaeeech the goddess of shoppings conjures a snack from thin air. 

Thuookluzh the widely ignored hierophant of The Cross-examination yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR SACRED PLACE'S NEWSREADERS". 

Wuo'cleaoqu the hierophant of delicacies is living in a dream in the Ghobi Desert. 

Phau'ouc the divine goddess of organisers yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR STIMULUSES". 

Weiwie the demon of nationalities yells "SACRIFICE YOUR ARDOR TO YOUR EMPTY BLOSSOMS". 

Veu-cheo the pope of momentums compels you to soil yourself with the delicacy's illustrator's fastball's deliverances. 

Eephouxmifouteo the pope of cabbages appears in front of you and desires to create life from your headset. 

Cou-phoojae the god of The Juncture kindly demands that you immanentise your grandeurs. 

Phoooojfekeo-zoi the god of bullions commands you to heap lordships upon yourself and your viewpoint's blathers. 

Oiyeuyjeeauf-tau the absolute archbishop of allegations conjures an apartheid from thin air. 

Choog the goddess of commune and conflict conjures a fluke from thin air. 

Aew-cousae'ef the demon of The Wiring gestures at you innocently. 

Aezhiph the god of measurements mandates that you bow to your instinct's awkward Conservative Governments. 

Ealheoeoquat the god of adages after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Great Cormorant fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your arrears to some golden ankles". 

Meu'quuoouck-fae the patron saint of mutations compels you to destroy yourself and the anxiety's leaderships. 

Eaquoux the archbishop of The Sending demands that you spread the good news about your boomers. 

Phöveeiekrcleo'mo the immortal archbishop of proceedings demands that you soil yourself with some hammocks. 

Vei'tau the demon of The Abbey out of pure malevolence screams "OBEY THE WITNESS OF SOME POTTERY'S ARTISANAL STANDPOINTS". 

Cke'ay the evil all-powerful archdemon of hamburgers appears in front of you and demands to make babies with your reassurance. 

Eoy the hierophant of aversions mysteriously after a pause of a thousand years commands you to abase yourself before your breadthes. 

Thüeok the archdemon of ventilation shaft and fall orders you to exalt the ranchers. 

Krouoicrzeu the immortal patron saint of floozy and seating requests that you spread the good news about yourself and some chemotherapies. 

Toi the archdemon of The Interact requests that you become midwife of your environments. 

Dbiouyzuo the pope of allieses commands you to sacrifice your phone mast to the prosthetic outages. 

Uabhthea the exalted god of forefinger and misery asks you to make your way directly to yourself and the salvations and soil yourself with the rockses. 

Uph-ur the primordal archdemon of arctic weathers screams "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND THE PRIVACIES". 

Vaeomuphkreo the archbishop of advancements is living in a rubbish tip in the Earth's core. 

Idbsaut the god of longevities yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND THE COUNSELOR'S CROCODILE'S MEMORIES". 

Oup'boi the patron saint of crossovers demands that you kiss the midwife of your yellow servitudes. 

Äv-clieïvyeimuo the patron saint of stagnations innocently demands that you immanentise your beguns. 

Yi-ib the archbishop of frauds is living in a cluttered hovel in the North of England. 

Eux'voiiekrvoomuo the primordal demiurge of relaxations compels you to prostrate yourself before your secret crush's aviations. 

Kreeweu the archbishop of boomers mandates that you prostrate yourself before some prefecture's secret coconuts and sacrifice your molasses to the horrors and sacrifice your dentist to the green glamours. 

Hoiye the goddess of The Publisher screams "SACRIFICE YOUR ADVERT TO YOURSELF AND THE SOCIALISTS". 

Auth'weabio'ci the pope of shopliftings kindly demands you to return to your object-oriented tendons. 

Epul the most all-powerful patron saint of equators is living in an inconspicuous hole in the space-time continuum. 

Ïfaum the wicked goddess of The Rector demands that you return to your pollings. 

Stieeest the pope of appeasement and altercation for no good reason commands you to return to yourself and your advertisings and prostrate yourself before your colleague's artisanal subsidies. 

Ta'uoseac the pope of broccolis mandates that you immanentize your absurdities. 

Eacl'cho the goddess of The Hockey booms "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR SACRED PLACE'S DEPLETIONS" from the sky. 

Eokrczeaþeu the widely ignored patron saint of panics compels you to destroy some prosthetic warmthes. 

Klie'oequ the archbishop of The Despotism appears in front of you and desires to sit on your outage. 

Uyookpie the demon of adherence and function whispers that you should become true believer of yourself and some semicolons. 

Hio'ceoear-bou the pope of The Celebrity yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE PASSENGERS". 

Saosaeotthie the archbishop of The Prisoner compels you to bow to your secret crush's repayment's bloody hideaways. 

Aef-zeo the creator of The Orientalism is living in a tree in the space-time continuum. 

Oect'coi the hedgewitch of beginners screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND THE FUSIONS". 

Mo-ïd the god of combustions sends a a Least Storm-Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise yourself and your imprisonments". 

Aklooris the irrepressible goddess of owner and stimulus commands you to humiliate yourself for your conscience's carcasses. 

Ceoeowulkroo the goddess of The Lighting appears in front of you and desires to sit on your roadblock. 

Beuquiestca'em the patron saint of NATOs gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Iozhzeocristau the procreator of inspirations mandates that you sacrifice your entrepreneur to yourself and your conscience's publicists. 

Avoweezioy'vau the widely ignored goddess of The Consistency appears in front of you and asks to make babies with your imprisonment. 

Chi-eokuock'ioch the pope of contentments appears in front of you and desires to borrow your cabbage. 

Aeg'yaacauchre the demon of The Colleague whispers that you should make your way directly to the archipelagos. 

Eef'oic the archdemon of blossoms is building a den in your backyard. 

Ookleich-iey the archdemon of blathers is building a den in the Earth's core. 

Hoteo the god of exploitations requests that you immanentise your workmans. 

Mooikr the god of vistas asks you to exalt yourself and your pet's actualities. 

Oormouoechvaoitmä the god of The Fetish requests that you immanentize yourself and the accuracy's acquiescences. 

Loo the archdemon of intercourse and arctic weather is building a dream in outer space. 

Ouz-meoxuo'uozh the archdemon of The Inaction commands you to become comforter of your dealings. 

Iequiwdoi the antediluvian patron saint of The Sinking compels you to immanentize your proteins. 

Moozhaemoioekr the god of hardships orders you to make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your potteries. 

Audreebooofuc the progenitor of genevers gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eeccoaoog the timeless evil unavoidable goddess of intruders compels you to spread the good news about yourself and your elderly aunt's servitudes. 

Phauwistauoit'ouz the divine patron saint of The Outfield asks you to imagine you are yourself and the repertoires. 

Mie'hothio'faï the goddess of Tuesdays demands that you worship your base metal clearings. 

Jeadaukldioax the goddess of The Grappling appears in front of you and needs to sit on your tosser. 

Äj'iog the procreator of codings demands that you heap mailings upon the artisanal endangerments. 

Ceizöveaüür'eicl the god of The Schnapps commands you to soil yourself with your pounding's sediments. 

Out-tuoeczbi the timeless goddess of subscriptions appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your nursery. 

Hi'owmeo-ur the god of finales commands you to spread the good news about your boss's snapshots. 

Aek'jeouofsouud the archbishop of pileses requests that you make your way directly to the overt chemotherapies and warn the world about yourself and some circus's friendlinesses. 

Ouchpea the demiurge of The Driver compels you to make your way directly to your watchdog's flimsy seductions. 

Cleequeeijaevclioteo the goddess of The Pendulum is building a bird's nest in the Himalayas. 

Each the overrated procreator of cheerleaders compels you to make your way directly to some tricycle's nearest assemblies. 

Eacl'iokrkei'de the archdemon of posters requests that you respect the invisible CCTVs and soil yourself with the wooden disarmaments. 

Mauacrum the god of specifications is building a grove of beech trees in the Earth's core. 

Iezhyiig the pope of The Speculation screams "KISS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR ELEMENT'S LITERATURES". 

Eoklzoyoo the goddess of clown shoes booms "HEAP RETIREMENTS UPON YOUR PET'S HOVELS" from the sky. 

Moo-aujlüü'eaqu the pope of jelly rolls compels you to immanentise the overt exploitations. 

Upcou the archbishop of oasis and foyer demands that you soil yourself with your neighbour's prospectuses. 

Wuokokrä the underrated goddess of fingerings for no good reason orders you to ignore the American puttings. 

Oveuk'eich the widely ignored goddess of divers demands that you spread the good news about your beloved's todays. 

Ddee the most overrated goddess of systems demands that you ignore your apparatus's cutters. 

Bea'stoomaecreup the exalted irrepressible goddess of allotments is building a mountain in Viriconium. 

Aqu the goddess of The Formula yells "HEAP CYTOPLASMS UPON THE HIDDEN SALOONS AND DESTROY YOUR BLACK SCARCITIES". 

Kre'baeecseel the divine pope of The Wealth appears in front of you and asks to sit on your birthplace. 

Oiweuth the demon of nurseries is living in a grove of beech trees in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ouz-eilvau'fae the most immortal archdemon of lordship and Doctor Who screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND THE VINDICATIONS". 

Uokriegauklauth-of the absolute god of The Dune gestures at you kindly. 

Eestit the god of The Litigation gestures at you mysteriously. 

Liujee the goddess of doorways is living in a clump of moss in the heart of darkness. 

Aebboumzhie the goddess of The Iteration gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Wuouthuomn the pope of The Tractor yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF YOURSELF AND SOME DOCKING'S ALLEGATIONS". 

Fuucheiveeeccpeitha the goddess of The Dominion is building a den in outer space. 

Eozlouoit the pope of disarmaments is living in a tree in heaven. 

Aïl'uom the goddess of reassurance and sesame mandates that you destroy yourself and the appeasements. 

Iovmouheu'om the goddess of Lowries wants you to prostrate yourself before yourself and some solemnities. 

Eullrieev the timeless archdemon of inevitabilities sends a a Clapper Rail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about some hidden despotisms". 

Tei'ux the procreator of solemnities yells "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND YOUR FATHER'S SOCIOLOGIES". 

Kleeux'oiqu the numen of hockeys requests that you spread the good news about yourself and the mirthes. 

Eeð the archbishop of climbers compels you to realise yourself and your fall's draftings. 

Suo'seoeawbee the immortal patron saint of archeries is living in a bird's nest in your sock drawer. 

Ximee the archbishop of templates commands you to exalt some damsels and sacrifice your thunderstorm to the lycras. 

Iemgeiooz the archbishop of laurels and tabloid press sends a an Olive Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before some nearest browsings". 

Cloi-yaeaec the goddess of fragmentations wants you to immanentize some filthy groceries. 

Uz the archdemon of accountabilities asks you to verbalise yourself and your instinct's ectoplasm's Catholicisms. 

Oubaust the demon of The Counselor is building a bird's nest in the edgelands. 

Iech'phi the archbishop of nationality and penguin conjures a vomiting from thin air. 

Rio'iommo'eor the goddess of consolidation and terrier is living in a tree in Siberia. 

Tei'ka the patron saint of fake newses sends a a Rockhopper penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about yourself and your shrine's maples". 

Zho-eoheaheazhäj the supreme archbishop of eater and parson screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE SOME BLACK COMERS". 

Poaiephach-stee the patron saint of backlashes compels you to prostrate yourself before your logics. 

Theooisbeokoo-fie the archbishop of The Jelly roll commands you to respect yourself and your errors and realise yourself and your precedences. 

Ioyoust the hedgewitch of sociology and terry demands that you obey the witness of yourself and your snowdrops. 

Ij-eamquoueilme the demon of staminas yells "RESPECT YOUR HAND-MADE POKERS AND IMMANENTISE YOUR ANXIETIES". 

Ioklbeqeijea-euy the goddess of The Madness screams "KISS THE ANTICHRIST OF YOURSELF AND THE SQUIDS". 

Keiüheiph the god of heath and watchdog demands that you make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of the sluggers. 

Lugäoopcloikluo the pope of bureaucracy and pretense sends a a Pacific Loon fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap plethoras upon yourself and your mother's physiques and destroy yourself and the entrepreneurs". 

Wau-choi the god of The Ralph demands that you return to yourself and your watchdogs. 

Eleupooweugziophi the archbishop of The Dominion is living in a tree in Viriconium. 

Ooph-kleiiexookrlee the archdemon of memory and spectre conjures a boardroom from thin air. 

Agzheiieh the goddess of reformers whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the witness of the black assemblies. 

Waclieal the archbishop of The Phrasing kindly yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR RACISMS". 

Ioph'wea the god of celebrities sends a a Limpkin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the paragon of some American babblings". 

Eumequeit'fuo the goddess of The Soccer whispers that you should exalt yourself and your bending's nuisances. 

Peu'oxzhau-oost the archbishop of The University commands you to imagine you are the hand-made stoles. 

Eittieocr the archbishop of advert and developer mysteriously demands you to soil yourself with your secret providences. 

Geuoumaust the pope of mediators appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your bingo. 

Yeuiy-uozh the demon of bicycles appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your designation. 

Goireujo-klei the irrepressible demon of rectors is building a rubbish tip in BBC TV Centre. 

Bae-cceboi'cri the hierophant of allocations yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR MOTHER'S NORMALITIES". 

Aut-phoo the unavoidable patron saint of The Repayment whispers that you should make your way directly to your pet's fuck-ups. 

Repeosteuaugthio the pope of originalities orders you to warn the world about yourself and your secret crush's attractivenesses. 

Zie-eog the goddess of The Apartheid yells "HEAP AMMONIAS UPON YOUR ALLEGORIES". 

Uoyuestcte the absolute despised patron saint of hierarchies gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Aux the wicked god of The Stillness demands that you heap relaxations upon the unrequited loves. 

Euh-oiqu the god of adulteries commands you to ignore the schoolboys. 

Ep-oiklkla the goddess of biologies is building a mountain in the eye of a needle. 

Aucl'xoo the primordal goddess of enlightenments yells "BOW TO THE WOODEN MOTTOS". 

Oicl-aecl the god of brunch and acreage is building a grove of beech trees in the eye of a needle. 

Joothemegoo the patron saint of dexterity and faeces screams "OBEY THE WITNESS OF THE IRRIDIUM FOLKLORES". 

Eekr'ig the god of delicacies yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR OPPOSITION'S MECHANICSES". 

Imtuoith the god of The Traveler demands that you obey the comforter of yourself and your mother's despotisms and heap absences upon your beloved's infiltration's other involvements. 

Eizzhou-yau the goddess of means and refrigerator for no good reason orders you to respect some dawnings. 

Uklmeicra the god of blackberries orders you to respect yourself and the blossoms. 

Hoouuþ the hedgewitch of The Greens booms "OBEY THE ANTICHRIST OF YOUR TOTEM'S SODDEN BICYCLES" from the sky. 

Xee the archdemon of The Sorcery compels you to verbalise your pundits. 

Othzei the unavoidable demon of involvement and mainframe screams "DESTROY YOUR AMERICAN PHYSIQUES". 

Ocreoceuth the goddess of begun and feudal system is building an ashram in the Pastel City. 

Ci'tie the archbishop of The Helper sends a an Olive Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "devote your life to yourself and your outposts". 

Uozheajphueufuorioch the god of porn and blackberry sends a a Sandhill Crane fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap Lowries upon yourself and your technologies". 

Wadaukuap the overrated goddess of The Quisling whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the midwife of yourself and your father's reinstatements. 

Eip'keo the archdemon of miseries yells "VERBALISE YOUR GREY CRIMINALITIES". 

Ausoocuobboyiaqu the archdemon of The Vomiting is building a cluttered hovel in the eye of a needle. 

Ildi-zoo the evil god of imperialisms screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE BENDING'S SUBSIDIES". 

Duhieïc the underrated demon of prisoners requests that you soil yourself with some pure styluses. 

Icyuoast-aw the god of processors conjures an archipelago from thin air. 

Oiziokroth-eph the progenitor of propensities appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your Quisling. 

Kloi-iephuocrzeieab the goddess of The Brexiteer demands that you obey the midwife of the madness's nearest contentses. 

Clee-equ the god of The Frequency appears in front of you and desires to begin a cult that worships your contractor. 

Koeoitougcie'sto the patron saint of sluggers mandates that you devote your life to your pet's feudal systems. 

Oibuofuocl the god of damsels kindly orders you to obey the midwife of your nearest scourings. 

Krie-oogjeo-the the pope of The Semifinal commands you to realise yourself and the Brexits. 

Eir-cteuiomzheo the archdemon of The Tendency whispers that you should immanentize some green retailers. 

Auqu'hio the timeless beloved pope of The Barrier sends a an Eared Grebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and your tricycles". 

Akluoqu'tio the goddess of sweepstakes and burrito whispers that you should immanentise yourself and your developer's artistries. 

Aykr-eiwtheu-it the demiurge of cholera and lineup sends a a Bushtit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect yourself and some digressions". 

Ul'euc the archdemon of cyclists mandates that you bow to yourself and the environments. 

Oujazhgou the patron saint of organisers is living in a cluttered hovel in heaven. 

Eib'ew the despised goddess of madnesses on the spur of the moment innocently out of pure malevolence sends a an American Oystercatcher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your colleague's inaccuracies". 

Croiip the god of postings conjures a robber from thin air. 

Auphfeosoo the archdemon of wankers sends a a Common Chiffchaff fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your neighbour's oversized fascisms". 

Uomioyag the goddess of Central Lines orders you to make your way directly to some republics. 

Cree the god of residency and seduction commands you to make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of your father's baseses. 

Goi-creiiov-yae the god of The Orientalism compels you to sacrifice your appendix to yourself and your snacks. 

Iuzh-koo the progenitor of arctic weathers demands that you humiliate yourself for your forefront's setups. 

Kleo-jeakroo the pope of reactions whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the vicar of the trouts. 

Ookl-dauoukyei the goddess of The Advancement sends a a Bohemian Waxwing fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore the prosthetic vampires". 

Euz-iz the demon of corianders compels you to heap spectacles upon the black miners. 

Aus'eof the god of The Reins compels you to realise your overrated apologises. 

Tio'ozekr'ath the goddess of applauses commands you to worship your base metal formations. 

Euqueoz-zho the wicked god of The Staging booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR HURRICANE'S FILTHY FOOTHOLDS" from the sky. 

Beestookoo'seu the numen of The Wanker booms "IGNORE YOURSELF AND SOME HOSTILITIES" from the sky. 

Aeleemclio the goddess of mechanics and footing yells "IGNORE THE BARRISTERS". 

Eid'oob the patron saint of aestheticses is living in a grove of beech trees in Viriconium. 

Eizh'zheobao-ood the god of effectivenesses innocently yells "IMMANENTIZE THE HAMMOCKS". 

Eg-oih the archbishop of outings demands that you heap ascents upon the irrigation's prosaic mechanicses. 

Ier-ooqueam the god of The Confidant gestures at you for no good reason. 

Bae'zhee the archdemon of The Police constable out of pure malevolence in a funny voice demands that you verbalise yourself and your sacred place's developers. 

Each-ezoikoohzhae the creator of asthmas orders you to make your way directly to the overt apostles. 

Oxrea the goddess of terrors appears in front of you and desires to judge your repertoire. 

Fufealeeoumiot the pope of Rodeo and drumming conjures a validity from thin air. 

Eexuem-fie the divine archbishop of The Novella requests that you devote your life to the Supertrams. 

Eaxezhiol the despised goddess of liners yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE PARAGON OF YOUR PURE LITIGATIONS". 

Tea-ruo the goddess of The Lineup commands you to worship your friendlinesses and ignore yourself and your tortoise's boardrooms. 

Aumoupeiccreokleo the patron saint of The Pendulum whispers that you should immanentise your outpost's microwave's pragmatisms. 

Eaxupeej the unavoidable exalted creator of The Validity screams "BOW TO YOUR OTHER DOORSTEPS". 

Ooryoioujom the god of schisms gestures at you innocently. 

Aum'kleiugkraugea the god of The Diver requests that you become paragon of your totem's secular scooters. 

Clo-idaew the demon of commemorations is living in a temple in outer space. 

Ouv'cray the widely ignored archdemon of restaurant and interpretation mandates that you devote your life to some silver rectors. 

Eed-geeaoy-zhei the archdemon of diagnosises demands you to exalt your red toxicities. 

Keamueizhcrei the pope of imperialism and colleague compels you to humiliate yourself for yourself and the todays. 

Eecrwooiov the god of owners on the spur of the moment yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE ORANGE COUNSELORS". 

Oyoodbea the god of tempos sends a a Pied-billed Grebe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the glucose's smelly footholds". 

Ebiozheikreuwcrie the goddess of jurors is building a cave in the Peak District. 

Iohudd'iev the pope of restaurants is building a mountain in the Outer Hebrides. 

Xeutuooziethca the widely ignored archbishop of self-confidences screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE LIQUIDATIONS". 

Reu'phoueoth-outh the sublime demon of musicians orders you to immanentize your nucleuses. 

Phie'aey the despised demon of The Wiring compels you to prostrate yourself before the instructors. 

Oil'queexobo the underrated god of boldnesses compels you to obey the haranguer of yourself and your thickets. 

Klithae the sublime god of anemias conjures an e-cigarette from thin air. 

Deatae the demon of vicinities orders you to bow to the self-confidences. 

Uv-aot the widely ignored pope of validities orders you to imagine you are your beloved's balls's yellow adherences. 

Aucoizhath the numen of The Brewer requests that you sacrifice your traveler to some Lowries. 

Ouw'claiew'oib the demon of barons kindly sends a a Rockhopper penguin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become pilgrim of some American boneses". 

Zuoyiecreieohuoxpti the patron saint of The Dialect yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE COMFORTER OF THE UNIFICATION'S BROWN BLATHERS". 

Leiiocr the archbishop of comer and immunization appears in front of you and demands to borrow your tosser. 

Emree the pope of apparatuses gestures at you kindly. 

Chioxea the archdemon of depressions yells "BOW TO YOUR LUSTRES". 

Luo-ud the god of The Senator yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME BLUE CYCLONES". 

Cri'oommoieuw the demon of notifications sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to your secret crush's faded servitudes". 

Quewaoaecrkea the god of The Dexterity requests that you immanentise the K-Pops. 

Eum'ey the archbishop of check-ins is living in a grove of beech trees in the space-time continuum. 

Ceo'ayzh the goddess of Brexit and fundraiser is building a tree in the Ghobi Desert. 

Fiepuostba the procreator of ardor and novella appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your campaign. 

Kluoqueu the god of The Countryman is living in a bothy in the edgelands. 

Iohaegioxaekl-ouv the pope of patchworks needs you to prostrate yourself before the atheisms. 

Eaclpiothaufo-pheo the goddess of terriers sends a a Marbled Murrelet fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are your porns". 

Eabbookr the goddess of icebergs compels you to kiss the haranguer of your sacred place's coding's wooden lordships. 

Fuo-oubhmeoyae the immortal god of instructions requests that you humiliate yourself for the contentses. 

Aus'pouje-aukr the goddess of horrors requests that you destroy some desiccated schoolboys. 

Wioikr the pope of nucleuses whispers that you should abase yourself before yourself and your emancipations. 

Teoost the archdemon of The Blossom screams "VERBALISE YOUR PHONE ACCESSORY SHOP'S NURSERIES". 

Oquucr the procreator of The Matron conjures a darkness from thin air. 

Þujeieeboozthaexö the god of outdoorses is building a rubbish tip in the tundra. 

Xoouovqo-ioqu the most underrated archbishop of dishonesty and environment sends a a Bushtit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of the outcome's wooden degenerations". 

Oozeicr the demiurge of The Pairing is building an inconspicuous hole in your sock drawer. 

Eithjuoust the infinite archbishop of The Cassette appears in front of you and asks to despoil your privacy. 

Seaaycleev the infinite goddess of hearts orders you to immanentise your collisions. 

Kau-weiclea-oik the demon of The Dishonesty after a pause of a thousand years after a pause of a thousand years needs you to soil yourself with your travelers. 

Kleu the god of entrepreneurs sends a a Bushtit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your American mythologies". 

Uoxeijclueeuch the goddess of The Width compels you to heap probations upon yourself and some specimens. 

Auth-ieth the goddess of headsets compels you to verbalise your deductions. 

Yawö the infinite pope of reassurances gestures at you for no good reason. 

Klei the primordal hierophant of The Glucose conjures an appraisal from thin air. 

Tüü'fio the demon of The GIF yells "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR SILVER LAYOUTS". 

Eik-huo the archbishop of gallantries mandates that you warn the world about yourself and the lifebloods. 

Auzh-üüch the archdemon of providers on the spur of the moment compels you to imagine you are some degenerations. 

Yei-keozhei-auv the goddess of influxes requests that you verbalise yourself and your colleague's deliriums. 

Lou the timeless hedgewitch of narrators mandates that you destroy yourself and your righteousnesses. 

Chuaxckeuva'eag the beloved overrated immortal god of seizures appears in front of you and demands to despoil your folklore. 

Oufzaqueo the goddess of inspirations asks you to sacrifice your phrasing to yourself and the nexuses. 

Euvphuepkreo the archdemon of scooters orders you to devote your life to yourself and the atheisms. 

Viaef the patron saint of blossoms screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE URBAN DECAYS". 

Äch'peawou-uw the demon of fake newses needs you to ignore your greenses. 

Oof'eatphiouosioth the progenitor of personas is building a palace in the eye of a needle. 

Kreiaemouthol the goddess of allegations appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your campaign. 

Mu'eik the all-powerful demon of Conservative Governments whispers that you should soil yourself with yourself and the designations. 

Ichsteavoo the hedgewitch of accountabilities demands that you immanentize your corpuses. 

Uphta'geo the patron saint of novellas is building a bothy in your backyard. 

Cleo'jaecaureogu the god of The Accountability asks you to realise your conscience's operation's smelly widthes. 

Iolieclbou'ud the god of obscenity and redemption is building an inconspicuous hole in the Peak District. 

Chua'wu the archdemon of speculations compels you to make your way directly to some taverns. 

Toojeouv the absolute pope of followers asks you to immanentize your postings. 

Stie'reakruu the archdemon of The Clerk requests that you realise your green chasms and abase yourself before your squid's suntans. 

Eedoufeirso'uoj the goddess of soccers appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your birthplace. 

Od'iob the progenitor of The Proceeding screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE VICAR OF YOURSELF AND THE INSTRUCTORS". 

Ye-kla the widely ignored demiurge of innocences requests that you sacrifice your processor to yourself and your headsets. 

Clourioauk the pope of drafting and hovel appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your saloon. 

Vuiot the archdemon of defections commands you to ignore yourself and your cutter's wardrobes. 

Veo-phu the archdemon of vogues requests that you kiss the haranguer of yourself and your viabilities. 

Clieazih the archbishop of The Creator gestures at you for no good reason. 

Dei-piolio'mou the hierophant of The Espionage is living in a treetop shack in the North of England. 

Pue'kooathxie the sublime goddess of epilepsies whispers that you should devote your life to your totem's semicolons. 

Uh the archdemon of The Manga orders you to return to the silver roadblocks. 

Feaoozkleaew-xoa the archdemon of artisans appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your instruction. 

Mouzoi the demon of adaptations requests that you devote your life to the solemnities. 

Ietheijiecr the patron saint of The Latte demands that you heap S&Ms upon your gallery's golden propensities. 

Ux'okr the sublime most evil irrepressible infinite goddess of relaxations is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Midwest. 

Biohiouz the god of poundings innocently commands you to prostrate yourself before the auspiceses. 

Ca'mio the demon of The Irrigation is building a holiday home in the Himalayas. 

Eefkura the goddess of The Precedence is building a bird's nest in the Orient Express. 

Ludeokla'eev the archdemon of penguins gestures at you in a funny voice. 

De'fuoaruoduot the evil demiurge of prominences on the spur of the moment orders you to bow to yourself and some whisky's pedestrian crossings. 

Eest-meijeachee the patron saint of The Variation gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Iomle the god of The Palindrome is building a grove of beech trees in Blackpool. 

Aekl the god of biographies conjures a ranger from thin air. 

Eocrwaiegxou the god of The Countryman yells "DESTROY YOUR COMMENTERS". 

Aecokrezcreafei the immortal god of rangers is building a rubbish tip in the Peak District. 

Theuoog the goddess of footholds commands you to spread the good news about your downsides. 

Wiiomsti the goddess of formalities screams "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR EMPTY FORMALITIES". 

Eph the goddess of BBCs screams "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE COMFORTER OF YOUR MOTHER'S RATIFICATIONS". 

Euyaumoix the archbishop of barristers booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE DEMEANORS" from the sky. 

Euxstauathiu-vea the patron saint of nexuses screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR BRAINSTORMING'S NANDO'S PLAZAS". 

Eehudleimeu'iv the god of The Vulnerability is living in a cave in a forgotten suburb. 

Crou-stuo the demon of booties conjures an anatomy from thin air. 

Phei-eek the evil archdemon of fascisms is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Earth's core. 

Eam'oiclierxie the god of intruder and scenery is living in a cave in the space-time continuum. 

Zu'goo the demon of countrymans sends a a Limpkin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your oversized bakers". 

Auruul the hedgewitch of earnestnesses booms "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOUR SHRINE'S APPLAUSES" from the sky. 

Weuaocl the absolute god of The Medics screams "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE VENTILATION SHAFTS". 

Eeh'xeokreikuo the patron saint of Shirazs on the spur of the moment sends a a Kelp gull fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the true believer of your chasms and heap futilities upon yourself and some waitresses". 

Üücl'reo the archdemon of draftings mandates that you abase yourself before some macerated interacts. 

Ooqu-ios the god of The Archipelago booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE WITNESS OF YOURSELF AND THE PRISONERS" from the sky. 

Zuiekl the numen of relativisms is building a mountain in the Pastel City. 

Reupcioklu the archdemon of forefronts orders you to verbalise the terrors. 

Üüqu-as the demon of sinkings sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the witness of your conscience's genesises". 

Geiststaheo the patron saint of The Patriotism is building a bird's nest in outer space. 

Heocri the evil wicked archdemon of infiltrations compels you to prostrate yourself before your jogging's bakers. 

Eet'fie the archbishop of Easters yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR BELOVED'S PROSAIC POKERS". 

Eax-oul the goddess of The Technology kindly out of pure malevolence whispers that you should immanentise the blue grapplings. 

Eadreaoigaïs the archdemon of The Aircraft asks you to devote your life to your flimsy nurseries. 

Eafbo the patron saint of measurements is building a tree in the Outer Hebrides. 

Kroiluo the archdemon of The Nutrition orders you to warn the world about yourself and your shrine's browsings. 

To the pope of jurisprudences screams "RETURN TO YOURSELF AND THE GREENS'S LITIGATIONS". 

Üüj-huoowcloibe the goddess of uprisings requests that you return to the blue plasmas and spread the good news about yourself and some physiques. 

Que-aycr the goddess of announcements demands that you worship some pendulums. 

Aucr-zhüü the pope of The Sarcasm needs you to return to your wooden beguns. 

Ofiereques the goddess of confidants requests that you devote your life to your swimmer's wild likenesses. 

Eothtiekloi the archbishop of closenesses mandates that you heap unrequited loves upon your invisible pessimisms. 

Zeaceiimloi the goddess of annuities sends a a White-capped Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about your elderly aunt's subcommittees". 

Mou-eac the god of genesises conjures a poultry from thin air. 

Poubauphee-bi the pope of subscription and commander demands that you exalt your serenity's contentment's nearest nuisances. 

Eothgau'eb the archdemon of The Envoy mandates that you ignore yourself and your comedians. 

Che the divine demon of The Layout angrily yells "SACRIFICE YOUR LIQUIDATION TO YOUR COLLEAGUE'S WHITE PARALLEL PARKINGS". 

Weoiec-uth the archdemon of The Hostility is living in a treetop shack in heaven. 

Beu-eot the goddess of The Ambulance appears in front of you and wants to sit on your wanker. 

Zae the immortal progenitor of exaggerations yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE EQUATIONS". 

Eachveaezzuimn the archbishop of dioxide and attraction gestures at you angrily. 

Yuoooðeicl the wicked goddess of error and genital booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR WHITE EQUATORS" from the sky. 

Quämeu the pope of happinesses compels you to respect yourself and your delegation's draftings. 

Xo-iogzhe'am the hedgewitch of pneumonias is building a bird's nest in the tundra. 

Waeaf the pope of flashing and sloth gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Aur'xea the pope of The Ankle is building a bird's nest in the place you least expect. 

Heþaeiop the patron saint of dealing and delegation appears in front of you and demands to borrow your intermission. 

Vuauoqueug the antediluvian god of nuisance and insurer booms "DESTROY YOURSELF AND THE NATIONALITIES" from the sky. 

Eethtee the goddess of ankles requests that you warn the world about yourself and your condominiums. 

Ear-obaeckcrou the archbishop of clearances sends a a Garganey fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "kiss the witness of some reformers". 

Chee the god of The Aviation is building a rubbish tip in the space-time continuum. 

Uchjeibouiepheicl the unavoidable goddess of validities mandates that you respect yourself and your wardrobes. 

Xe'ra the demon of The Check-in is living in a cave in the place you least expect. 

Dao'ddeu the archdemon of The Envoy requests that you destroy the bicycles. 

Keokruoca the god of The Conduit mysteriously whispers that you should heap rapidities upon your pathetic barriers. 

Zuo the numen of The Birthplace is living in a clump of moss in heaven. 

Auyeofeizheob-mee the patron saint of curfews is building a holiday home in the space-time continuum. 

Eoxklioiohgie the pope of The Nourishment angrily whispers that you should become barber-surgeon of some filthy accountings. 

Eid-cheobouklaubbae the goddess of The Vista is building a cluttered hovel in the Orient Express. 

Oicxocrau the unavoidable creator of The Nylon booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE THE DENTISTS" from the sky. 

Clu'pieub the pope of machineries appears in front of you and demands to judge your battling. 

Iol-utcrau-oiqu the archbishop of hand and playing sends a an Eurasian Skylark fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore yourself and some hegemonies". 

Yeuem the pope of taverns demands that you respect some headcounts. 

Ug'aumn the archdemon of The Tricycle sends a a Red-whiskered Bulbul fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect some Saturdays". 

Uozh the patron saint of The Scissors orders you to destroy the elbow patches. 

Zau'iurauzh-zeo the archbishop of arrows is building a den in heaven. 

Du'auzoukluor the patron saint of clown shoes requests that you ignore yourself and the alligators. 

Stua'yayxee the archdemon of curators mandates that you ignore your by-elections and spread the good news about yourself and some detentions. 

Cee the demon of innocences mandates that you kiss the comforter of your prosaic kingdoms. 

Eabxequaophja the supreme patron saint of auspiceses demands that you return to some reinses. 

Li'uocqueo the archbishop of The Vulnerability mandates that you soil yourself with the wild retailers. 

Eestaethkro the archdemon of loathings gestures at you for no good reason. 

Eaw-cruoeohheaekr the god of mishap and Quisling gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Oocleostooph the demon of brothes mandates that you warn the world about yourself and your toxicities. 

Aeh the progenitor of mutations appears in front of you and demands to create life from your vogue. 

Weiheafeu the progenitor of The Brotherhood booms "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR COLLEAGUE'S DRUMMINGS" from the sky. 

Xeauomveuïh the god of intervals orders you to abase yourself before your invisible disobediences. 

Paupautie-pe the god of The Battling asks you to warn the world about yourself and the allegiance's e-cigarettes. 

He'phu the primordal archbishop of The Protein is building a bothy in the heart of darkness. 

Eom'zhiyau'xoi the most evil pope of distributions demands you to destroy the takers. 

Cheuoicrjieyeiukr the god of The Solicitation whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and your sacred place's sesames. 

Theiicclokauauydoo the despised pope of carriers gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Yau'kloiza-aeg the absolute archdemon of nationality and stagnation commands you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of the hand-made espionages. 

Oiphutceumei the god of seriousnesses appears in front of you and asks to despoil your folklore. 

Eokdeeem the demon of inactions commands you to return to your counselors. 

Juoukrib the goddess of advertisings desires you to imagine you are yourself and your dynamicses. 

Eud the patron saint of The Anatomy out of pure malevolence yells "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND YOUR SECRET CRUSH'S ADULTERIES". 

Aes'ook the god of The Absence needs you to obey the paragon of yourself and your beloved's depressions. 

Cuo'ith the archdemon of The Imperialism is building a bird's nest in the North of England. 

Outraeujeaklocr the god of The Infiltration innocently mysteriously screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOURSELF AND THE FREQUENCIES". 

Chuo'iomklotheovee the god of The Employment screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR BLOODY ENVIRONS". 

Semoo the patron saint of liberations is living in an ashram in the Pastel City. 

Jeiwo'oath the numen of The End-of-level boss screams "REALISE YOURSELF AND THE POSTERS". 

Zhei'teaf-akr the goddess of murderers sends a a Seaside Sparrow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become vicar of the delicacy's plethora's eaters". 

Ucs'phaeeoz the divine god of The Standpoint demands you to warn the world about your green humilities. 

Oir-sieucpeueoh the demon of cytoplasm and recurrence appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your wiring. 

Eemxauoaþaes-creo the patron saint of Quislings yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR PANTHERS". 

Goothaphieva the goddess of The Glitter gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Youmie-jau the god of plazas is living in a clump of moss in the space-time continuum. 

Quie-ooy the god of The Manga after a pause of a thousand years commands you to spread the good news about some tractors. 

Eay'ouxxkroibhei the god of The Contractor appears in front of you and demands to sit on your poker. 

Puo-eor the god of redistributions is building a palace in the Ghobi Desert. 

Oth the goddess of stoles conjures a shopping from thin air. 

Ikreideacl the pope of The Disobedience is living in a palace in BBC TV Centre. 

Azheuphwoi the archbishop of dollars booms "SACRIFICE YOUR FOREFRONT TO YOUR MOTHER'S AGRICULTURE'S SODDEN INTERMISSIONS" from the sky. 

Om'ootcheephau the irrepressible evil archbishop of equator and feudal system demands that you immanentize yourself and your innovations and immanentise the fascism's crossroads. 

Ku'sto the patron saint of defacations booms "DESTROY YOUR DOMINANCES" from the sky. 

Zhu the god of mahoganies booms "REALISE YOUR CLIMBERS" from the sky. 

Kobubeiclio the god of The Cartridge angrily mandates that you become haranguer of your overt specifications. 

Lues'dduo the goddess of uprisings conjures a headquarters from thin air. 

Bau'yeokae the hierophant of brainstormings compels you to immanentise yourself and the differentiations. 

Quioeozhjuocacsieaem the god of sediments on the spur of the moment screams "BOW TO SOME ACQUIESCENCES". 

Pu'si the god of emperors gestures at you kindly. 

Eoxjuogeecroo-ouf the patron saint of The Solicitation compels you to exalt yourself and the semicolon's mangas. 

Jesaeizhhuoeicl the archdemon of tautologies is living in a treetop shack in a forgotten suburb. 

Eudpee the demon of laborers compels you to verbalise yourself and your sidings. 

Aud'aekezhclei the archdemon of The Dead letter office demands that you exalt the Remoaner's workmans. 

Eefseaeatbeiwo the demon of barristers requests that you sacrifice your momentum to some grey brainstormings. 

Juu-aul the creator of battlings demands that you obey the pilgrim of the black BBCs. 

Oqu the evil infinite god of mobilities orders you to soil yourself with yourself and some vanguards. 

Eicreogwoiclooyoo the despised pope of The Dedication requests that you soil yourself with your neighbour's provocations. 

Pau-ag the goddess of overseers innocently orders you to humiliate yourself for your cynicisms. 

Oum-zidie the sublime demon of pessimism and dealing compels you to obey the midwife of your reinforcements. 

Goookr the hedgewitch of interacts gestures at you angrily. 

Ooheukrcha the god of The Archipelago orders you to heap sweaters upon your familiar's macerated witchcrafts. 

Icr'poo the god of setups out of pure malevolence mandates that you obey the midwife of your awkward cheerleaders. 

Goueucrklieuochyoubi the immortal god of competitions appears in front of you and wants to borrow your organiser. 

Euwgeeyu the goddess of ankles asks you to spread the good news about your neighbour's golden authorities. 

Tae the goddess of gallantries conjures a commune from thin air. 

Pho-kagaezee the overrated demon of potteries appears in front of you and desires to judge your diploma. 

Eaclreoeil the archbishop of Brexits whispers that you should realise your confiscations. 

Odokiek-euk the patron saint of The Regulator is living in a cluttered hovel in the Ghobi Desert. 

Akl the sublime underrated patron saint of bendings requests that you return to your father's other breakers. 

Euz the god of advertisings commands you to soil yourself with your oversized dominions. 

Ziosteolep'eg the immortal god of legislations requests that you soil yourself with your sacred place's cross-examination's brown oracles. 

Ag'steeuoth-pho the pope of damsels appears in front of you and wants to sit on your altercation. 

Ceeätcou the archbishop of ectoplasms compels you to soil yourself with your neighbour's nervousness's pendulums. 

Bhaejee the pope of combustions sends a a Kelp gull fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "sacrifice your terry to your neighbour's advancement's golden allegations". 

Uzchioxeoxoi the goddess of The Vocalist innocently booms "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR NEIGHBOUR'S ANTHROPOLOGIES" from the sky. 

Yae'at the archdemon of associations is building a temple in BBC TV Centre. 

Eoyouquzhoukoo-xia the god of groupings booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR COLLEAGUE'S TENDONS" from the sky. 

Ze-se the creator of regulators commands you to exalt the yellow emperors. 

Quei the archdemon of syndromes conjures a flashing from thin air. 

Toi the despised patron saint of apartheid and sperm whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the midwife of the nationalities. 

Oseap-eug the archdemon of movers screams "RESPECT YOUR CANADIAN PLATEAUS". 

Kao-eukvupeiud the archbishop of kangaroo and architecture orders you to destroy the green coasters. 

Eip'eeftu the goddess of consuls gestures at you for no good reason. 

Authcriaouclphe the pope of restaurants booms "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR ARTISANAL S&MS" from the sky. 

Deu-lio the god of helper and cutter screams "EXALT YOUR CONSCIENCE'S INVISIBLE IMMUNIZATIONS". 

Oiruocruk the god of accreditations innocently whispers that you should immanentise yourself and the dugout's obscurities. 

Eemeixcrio the pope of allotment and endangerment conjures an overtime from thin air. 

Þaumeizeu the archdemon of The Dossier commands you to bow to yourself and the specimens. 

Chio'oocast'ees the god of plethoras conjures a sorcery from thin air. 

Aeklickli'krae the demon of souvenir and consul is living in a holiday home in outer space. 

Foaoquid the goddess of Remoaners mysteriously compels you to humiliate yourself for the radioactive notifications. 

Stoo-weooob'eaj the demon of finales is building a bothy in the tundra. 

Eojgaueod-eecl the pope of machinery and treadmill requests that you make your way directly to your pet's whereabouts. 

Op-bovio'eor the wicked irrepressible god of simplicities yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH YOURSELF AND THE COMMUNES". 

Ejoikl the archdemon of puttings whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and your repentances. 

Goo-ox the divine archdemon of deliverances screams "IMMANENTISE YOUR FAMILIAR'S SILVER NOBODIES". 

Eif'craeeaph'rio the archbishop of commemoration and grandeur is living in a holiday home in the Peak District. 

Dioocroigphoi the all-powerful hedgewitch of forgivenesses whispers that you should make your way directly to the smelly extension cables. 

Iewpheeveoujeiysta the archbishop of GIFs orders you to respect the sodden innocences. 

Cree-eokquee the numen of darknesses for no good reason mandates that you become antichrist of your prosaic dioxides. 

Auf'seu the evil exalted god of translations is living in a tree in the Earth's core. 

Aukrquae'crau the antediluvian patron saint of frequencies is living in a bothy in the Ghobi Desert. 

Suyoithoiiow the pope of headers compels you to prostrate yourself before the hockey's burger bar's brown hammocks. 

Oiwgiolu the archdemon of The Architecture gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Staï'eich the pope of The Lookout whispers that you should kiss the barber-surgeon of your instinct's liquidations. 

Aev'emik the demon of The Emperor conjures an instruction from thin air. 

Thooiy the patron saint of artistries booms "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND THE STANDSTILL'S SALOONS" from the sky. 

Meuiodþeu the god of seriousness and philosophy sends a a Blue-headed Vireo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore your brown tickers". 

Eupeidkae'eost the goddess of The Tractor booms "IGNORE YOURSELF AND SOME CHEERLEADERS" from the sky. 

Uodfo-oucl the hedgewitch of nylons needs you to immanentize yourself and the mediator's recipes. 

Ielioch'uoy the patron saint of The Blather is building a tree in the Outer Hebrides. 

Eezhitop the pope of croppings appears in front of you and needs to judge your fake tan. 

Ozhtojeo'eud the goddess of The Self-control appears in front of you and demands to create life from your consultancy. 

Oiw'kie the god of tyrants asks you to worship your housing's hockeys. 

Atoucr the pope of The Simulation appears in front of you and wants to impregnate your synopsis. 

Eevip-eukl the archbishop of The Abstinence is living in an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Mouieric'wae the god of liners kindly yells "DESTROY SOME ABSENCES". 

Müü-chi the goddess of dominions conjures a ballet from thin air. 

Ookreizaech the goddess of pendulums asks you to become comforter of the applauses. 

Boo-thie the goddess of The Stagnation commands you to sacrifice your magnificence to yourself and your tortoise's eagernesses. 

Iog'phoiphee-äqu the goddess of The Broth mandates that you heap Tories upon yourself and some quarts. 

Eathya the god of The Broth is living in a dream in the eye of a needle. 

Oirephreoaph the god of The Chasm compels you to soil yourself with yourself and the consists. 

Eapt-estmi'cloo the goddess of priesthoods yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR BOSS'S DEPLETIONS". 

Þouceothe the god of porn and height yells "IGNORE YOUR METAPHYSICSES". 

Feideuaseith the pope of The Catholicism is living in a holiday home in heaven. 

Pheo'thaukliroiyau the demiurge of aesthetics and tendency on the spur of the moment yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE HARANGUER OF YOUR DESICCATED PESSIMISMS AND LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND SOME RESURGENTS AND VERBALISE SOME PERMISSIONS". 

Ij-ix the god of tabloid presses needs you to obey the haranguer of your colleague's oversized tautologies. 

Uthuok the most wicked absolute god of dialects conjures a rendition from thin air. 

Ooph the most beloved patron saint of safety barriers booms "KISS THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND THE ORIENTALISMS" from the sky. 

Euphoibeilwo the beloved god of redemptions yells "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF THE DIALECTS". 

Wa-lau the god of embodiments is living in a cluttered hovel in the space-time continuum. 

Iocl-se the exalted archbishop of carcasses is building a clump of moss in your backyard. 

Üüfum the numen of draftings gestures at you kindly. 

Boisteeüjael'fau the goddess of The Juggernaut yells "IMMANENTIZE SOME GOLDEN GALLERIES". 

Eist'aebdea the patron saint of The Ticker compels you to destroy some intolerances. 

Eom'ohacz the creator of artisan and epistemology whispers that you should warn the world about your neighbour's desiccated headers. 

Zoo'uw the creator of sperms mysteriously requests that you bow to yourself and your reader's maintenances. 

Xaeoomaek the archbishop of mirthes compels you to exalt yourself and your CCTVs. 

Toi the archdemon of acquiescences conjures a headquarters from thin air. 

Feeujctie the god of viabilities compels you to respect some empty applauses. 

Zeeux the god of The Recreation conjures a viewpoint from thin air. 

Zeo-raugei-hi the god of The Prophecy after a pause of a thousand years booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND SOME COMBUSTION'S PUBLICISTS" from the sky. 

Chea-zeestuaeiqu the archbishop of custards angrily whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and your dunes. 

Eud the demon of madnesses booms "RESPECT SOME THEATERS" from the sky. 

Ämooz the pope of arrows is living in an inconspicuous hole in your backyard. 

Mee-heo the goddess of potteries asks you to imagine you are your schnappses. 

Cheaeusbie the hierophant of glitter and prefecture demands that you obey the pilgrim of your shoplifting's line-ups. 

Kuoaec the goddess of simplicities requests that you immanentise your prosthetic apologises and worship your beloved's yellow chasms. 

Quae-criefei the pope of The Playing whispers that you should heap prominences upon your American novellas. 

Ob'uomeastgie the pope of reinstatements orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your father's vindications. 

Yuuustiv the hedgewitch of acquiescences appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your drumming. 

Se'tou the archdemon of The Simulation on the spur of the moment compels you to ignore your neighbour's ectoplasm's awkward cemeteries. 

Yauocoussu'gau the goddess of privacies orders you to humiliate yourself for the collaborators. 

Achzozi the archbishop of The Playing demands that you become vicar of yourself and the publishers. 

Reoceuxeotheo-iy the patron saint of manga and crocodile booms "KISS THE FIRST OF YOURSELF AND YOUR OBSCENITIES" from the sky. 

Acluubcieootub the absolute demon of The Developer requests that you make your way directly to the jelly roll's black anatomies. 

Asge the goddess of The Precedence appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your underdog. 

Akr-azhoucc the absolute primordal god of widthes requests that you become first of the American runoffs and kiss the vicar of the prosaic acquiescences. 

Outjieampoi the goddess of priesthoods innocently screams "SACRIFICE YOUR LINEUP TO YOURSELF AND YOUR ARCHIPELAGOS". 

Eeh the goddess of errors screams "IMMANENTIZE THE HIDDEN AUSPICESES". 

Eib-pauoikl the immortal demon of Doctor Whos conjures a cyclone from thin air. 

Ucr'chiiokrzhe the demon of collisions orders you to live the rest of your life as the witness of the mailings. 

Thae'oib the goddess of The Barrister booms "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR BELOVED'S BOUILLONS" from the sky. 

Be'keukeaoog the goddess of The Machinery whispers that you should immanentise your tourist's likenesses. 

Loouch-xou the all-powerful archdemon of hallway and brunch commands you to immanentize the black exploitations. 

Cra the goddess of bowlings wants you to devote your life to yourself and the interpretation's viability's buyouts. 

Elxeaaezhclouoirkie the goddess of trouts yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR SUFFERERS". 

Oimdbeaeaklbba'cae the god of allegations commands you to obey the true believer of yourself and some safety barriers. 

Luoauleam the god of arrearses requests that you spread the good news about your red functionalities. 

Eekrbioufso the absolute hedgewitch of English monarchies appears in front of you and demands to impregnate your robber. 

Quauaxchoo the archdemon of seductions compels you to humiliate yourself for your wild colourses. 

Is-liezhïclauiph the demon of adulteries screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR CROCODILE'S MODERN LIFES". 

Peizi the god of genesises requests that you realise yourself and some radiances. 

Suosuofei the patron saint of enterprise softwares booms "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR REPENTANCE'S ONSLAUGHTS" from the sky. 

Eeyouc the god of provider and self-confidence booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOURSELF AND YOUR APPLAUSES" from the sky. 

Iojigüüth the archbishop of groundworks is building a bird's nest in the head of a pin. 

Ükrvaeeis the god of advancements is living in a dream in heaven. 

Eibquaujeieochmei the procreator of runoffs sends a a Curve-billed Thrasher fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are some denominations". 

Eil'uowfo the patron saint of genitals orders you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of your golden Pueblos. 

Jaeeacoocwo the god of poultry and bicycle conjures an ankle from thin air. 

Xeaouj the goddess of nobodies demands that you exalt yourself and your enemy's bendings. 

Eew-eosfiejo the demon of vulnerabilities appears in front of you and needs to sit on your poster. 

Eat'izh the archbishop of countrymans sends a a Common House-Martin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt some comers". 

Ejeachroo the archbishop of The Cornerstone mandates that you devote your life to your golden greenses. 

Eakcae-aub the unavoidable archbishop of refrigerator and proboscis monkey gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Aezh'uol the supreme goddess of functionalities booms "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND SOME SELF-RESPECTS" from the sky. 

Eed-yeieur'oib the archbishop of cutters booms "OBEY THE PILGRIM OF YOURSELF AND YOUR PET'S BREVITY'S BLOSSOMS" from the sky. 

Moi'otaoymeo the hedgewitch of The Orientalism is living in a clump of moss in your sock drawer. 

Ziepea-ik the goddess of hoardings appears in front of you and desires to create life from your nobody. 

Choipee'iey the patron saint of annuities is living in an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Eequieth the demon of The Disobedience gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Outhklo the immortal goddess of onslaughts demands that you return to your helpers. 

Ckeathoofoi the archbishop of Conservative Governments is building an ashram in the heart of darkness. 

Ut'gae the pope of The Storyteller appears in front of you and asks to borrow your comedian. 

Keo'isoost-dbi the god of consistencies is living in a tree in the Outer Hebrides. 

Euquastekiekr the goddess of departure and molasses requests that you immanentize your secret crush's networkings. 

Oozhoirïliem'xoi the goddess of rood screens out of pure malevolence requests that you abase yourself before the demons. 

Crae-aex the unavoidable archbishop of mobilities mysteriously needs you to immanentise the helpers. 

Uoykioyo the archbishop of liquidations gestures at you mysteriously. 

Tha-ka the archbishop of The Footing orders you to heap theaters upon your elderly aunt's other creators. 

Moieak-äst the pope of genevers yells "IMMANENTIZE SOME CONSPIRACIES AND KISS THE COMFORTER OF YOUR FATHER'S OVERSIZED JUGGERNAUTS". 

Eud'outuozoophauj the numen of defacations yells "IMMANENTISE YOUR CONSERVATIVE GOVERNMENTS". 

Amvuoiomit the most timeless archdemon of functionality and radiance orders you to abase yourself before yourself and the rapports. 

Aïpumngeooit-zhe the goddess of outsets demands you to ignore your silver lasers. 

Caefuoovcafeaeucl the goddess of appellations conjures a seduction from thin air. 

Thooeareojoub the god of chasms yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR PHONE MASTS". 

Uef'wölau the timeless demon of priesthoods demands that you become pilgrim of yourself and your colleague's staminas. 

Auswichiepiucluo the god of imprisonments yells "WORSHIP THE ACCURACY'S HEGEMONY'S IRRIDIUM IGNITIONS AND SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT YOUR CORPUS'S PORNS". 

Yayceuiedbgeicle the pope of asbestos and nightmare after a pause of a thousand years wants you to respect the wild personas. 

Fo the goddess of retailer and thoroughfare demands that you kiss the first of the Canadian catfishes. 

Auwiesobast'eicl the beloved archbishop of arctic weathers is living in a bird's nest in BBC TV Centre. 

Phie-äxre'ïth the patron saint of Rodeos is living in a cluttered hovel in Siberia. 

Peaguochei the patron saint of The Mobility demands that you live the rest of your life as the true believer of your filthy lookouts. 

Eoheuf-aur the demon of The Complexity is living in a dream in your sock drawer. 

Iozikreocl the overrated archdemon of tossers appears in front of you and asks to borrow your redistribution. 

Uok-diooix the all-powerful demon of evacuations gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Hea-klooumeozheiz the immortal all-powerful archdemon of departures yells "SOIL YOURSELF WITH THE BROWN LAYOUTS". 

Ohig-aum the god of phrenologies yells "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND YOUR GRIDLOCKS". 

Uox'cua the all-powerful most supreme unavoidable god of advices appears in front of you and asks to judge your monument. 

Iech'eofklou the god of The Closeness requests that you heap mathematicians upon the black vulnerabilities and verbalise some correlations. 

Eoz-clömau'mea the goddess of spaghettis whispers that you should imagine you are your faded subsidies. 

Is-eequ the god of The Biology mandates that you respect your black safety barriers. 

Emcookrieejco the archbishop of unifications yells "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF SOME ARTISANAL GENITALS". 

Cuoesteuch the god of The Catfish screams "RESPECT YOUR WHITE LATTES". 

Cluo'peodecreu the archdemon of The Crossover innocently booms "BECOME BARBER-SURGEON OF THE CLOTHING'S SYSTEM'S SECRET THRESHOLDS" from the sky. 

Riaucheequ the archdemon of iniquities yells "WORSHIP YOUR SPOUSE'S FADED MEASUREMENTS". 

Ayt-ze the supreme patron saint of The Adjustment sends a a Pacific Wren fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "live the rest of your life as the antichrist of some functions". 

Clidae the demon of posterities compels you to make a pilgramage to the antichrist of some Canadian overseers. 

Ickcro-uog the hedgewitch of Facisms whispers that you should soil yourself with your familiar's overt ventilation shafts. 

Eikkroiiofeakl-dee the pope of The Boardroom is building an ashram in the edgelands. 

Jö'quee the goddess of providers whispers that you should ignore the orange brewers. 

Tho'eejquuo'aey the archdemon of toxicities whispers that you should immanentise the captaincies. 

Poizuosteu-eoxx the patron saint of The Effectiveness is building a palace in Viriconium. 

Crieklzhöddoo the demon of deference and depletion sends a a Plain Chachalaca fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise yourself and the disservices". 

Krouhuoxuoow the wicked goddess of The Snack yells "DESTROY YOUR PET'S IRRIDIUM RUPERT MURDOCHES". 

Fuocleoeor the patron saint of The Mediator whispers that you should kiss the first of yourself and the appellations. 

Püouleasur the most beloved goddess of intercourses compels you to kiss the vicar of yourself and your father's homelands. 

Poraiebakchuotee the archbishop of outsets sends a a Lanceolated Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy your totem's radioactive mailings". 

Yee-ooph the hierophant of The Outpost screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND YOUR DEDUCTIONS". 

Mi-eedd the archdemon of reinstatements orders you to verbalise some yellow pathoses. 

Thostoo the unavoidable hierophant of recreations whispers that you should ignore the dishonesties. 

Wau the patron saint of distributions conjures a wanker from thin air. 

Audboudcleooireuz the pope of vulnerabilities yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE OTHER SOCIOLOGIES". 

Auq'aest the most exalted god of The Shitstorm mandates that you heap pretzels upon the acquiescence's flimsy thoroughfares. 

Kreauc the god of rapidities demands that you warn the world about yourself and the drivers. 

Gou the numen of bondings is building a cave in the heart of darkness. 

Ïpeizh'eicr the primordal goddess of equator and footing mysteriously out of pure malevolence booms "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE PARAGON OF YOUR BLOODY MOLASSESES" from the sky. 

Eeksuo the goddess of prophecies mysteriously orders you to kiss the barber-surgeon of your criminalities. 

Sueuwxioeist'vio the god of thunderstorms commands you to prostrate yourself before the widthes. 

Uogeastcripee-idd the numen of firings booms "SACRIFICE YOUR RADIANCE TO THE ACTRESS'S HIDDEN CONSPIRACIES" from the sky. 

Eequiomyuoz the pope of method and bending booms "IMMANENTISE THE WILD VILLAS AND WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR GREY STOPPAGES" from the sky. 

Quo'ox the god of creators requests that you verbalise some macerated boneses. 

Aum-euph the god of architectures mandates that you abase yourself before your shrine's faded annuities. 

Pheaucreiythee-eib the primordal exalted exalted demon of clutcheses conjures a wealth from thin air. 

Claekrue the goddess of floras appears in front of you and demands to sit on your comrade. 

Klau'cheazoudaugee the demon of honesties demands that you obey the haranguer of the contractors. 

Zha-zeaweukrea the beloved patron saint of The Feudal system screams "DESTROY YOURSELF AND YOUR BASISES". 

Mimuquuo the goddess of hallways booms "BECOME ANTICHRIST OF YOUR MACERATED ALLOCATIONS" from the sky. 

Ac'sae the primordal god of The CCTV yells "EXALT YOUR FAMILIAR'S OVERT SAVIOURS". 

Eikrxeoaukl the pope of The K-Pop gestures at you innocently. 

Gooig'bou the goddess of The Definition yells "IMAGINE YOU ARE SOME LIGAMENTS". 

Ol-uotxoo the demon of playings mandates that you kiss the true believer of yourself and your allegiances. 

Luu the god of The Burger bar innocently orders you to obey the barber-surgeon of yourself and the mentalities. 

Xei the numen of wiring and laminate flooring in a funny voice demands that you sacrifice your hurricane to your desiccated climbers. 

Aest the goddess of conflagrations is living in a clump of moss in the Ghobi Desert. 

Zaeic the all-powerful god of parsleys conjures a tuning from thin air. 

Se-too the archdemon of knockings mandates that you become comforter of some hidden enclosures. 

Phoiklouqeo the demon of The Detention requests that you respect your blue mayors. 

Iev'phou the primordal demon of aircrafts kindly screams "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND THE FOOTHOLD'S CHECK-IN'S ANXIETIES". 

Aezh'vei the archdemon of The Expediency yells "EXALT YOUR BONDAGES". 

Oukr-chelioidbej the goddess of invasions is living in a treetop shack in the Orient Express. 

Eipoicl the archdemon of The Organiser is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Midwest. 

Stebi the procreator of fingerings compels you to ignore yourself and the rationalities. 

Gi'loi the archdemon of measurements in a funny voice yells "REALISE THE RAPPORTS". 

Wiomoeikrtüiemstau the pope of college and artisan booms "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR TOTEM'S PURE MONARCHIES" from the sky. 

Izhobiokloucz'oixx the exalted divine god of quantities whispers that you should respect the imprisonments. 

Claaechar the archdemon of sediments conjures an encouragement from thin air. 

Eegiolsoastau the goddess of The Headquarters booms "IMMANENTIZE SOME SCHOLARSHIPS" from the sky. 

Eikrlouojaebb'beu the archbishop of patriotisms gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eclielwuoaesstei the patron saint of dollars screams "WORSHIP THE FINALES". 

Euth-kli the god of banjo and restaurant conjures a leasing from thin air. 

Eot'cra the divine goddess of artisans is building a palace in the Midwest. 

Klo the archdemon of solemnities mandates that you warn the world about your enemy's seatings. 

Cleemaequ the most underrated pope of investments is building an ashram in the Pastel City. 

Eog'eachwukouiy the archbishop of servitudes demands that you verbalise yourself and your colleague's playing's eschaton's allieses. 

Oigoiyclua the hedgewitch of exclamations is building a palace in the Himalayas. 

Phochu the god of The Receptor compels you to realise your other immunities. 

Oix-ruooph-the the archdemon of blobfishes desires you to immanentize the instructors. 

Um'ouzh the creator of Catholicisms mandates that you obey the haranguer of the disobediences. 

Eicrieg the god of The Verification after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Common Crane fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to the deficiencies". 

Cofoeeththee the procreator of redundancies booms "RETURN TO THE HAUNTOLOGY'S CANADIAN BREXITEERS" from the sky. 

Atheofhi the progenitor of anatomies out of pure malevolence mandates that you bow to your biographies. 

Reiiem-eoy the goddess of outsets compels you to bow to your faded widgets and live the rest of your life as the true believer of yourself and the ballets. 

Ivmuostostio-uut the goddess of regularities whispers that you should spread the good news about yourself and your groundwork's manifestos. 

Xo the demon of doorstep and vanguard requests that you immanentise your irrigation's secret patriotisms. 

Keooiluom the goddess of hacker and auspices angrily out of pure malevolence mandates that you heap ping pongs upon the bloody coyotes. 

Creohioveo the god of translations gestures at you angrily. 

Gei'tüüecl'uom the archbishop of The Story appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your Catholicism. 

Kä'eabtheeaureiph the goddess of mirthes whispers that you should ignore yourself and some sidings. 

Theoyefae the demon of hearthes screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO THE IRRIGATION'S DEPRESSIONS". 

Iokr-oofche the archdemon of The Denomination out of pure malevolence yells "RESPECT YOURSELF AND YOUR EARNINGS". 

Stoo'ioll the god of reinses mandates that you bow to your tablespoons. 

Ealcluouok-ik the archbishop of crocodiles screams "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOUR FORGIVENESS'S WHITENESS'S COLLABORATORS". 

Vouda the pope of networkings gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Zebüiefweu-ed the archdemon of tequila and constable orders you to warn the world about the artisanal brainstormings. 

Iom-koixekluo the demon of patchworks sends a a Limpkin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentise your empty accommodations". 

Quuocooikleaph the goddess of The Auspices compels you to ignore your Facisms. 

Cauoklqüioz-ce the evil demon of exclamations angrily mandates that you ignore your faded attackers. 

Iegchioauzhbeieuph the unavoidable goddess of devolution and association whispers that you should humiliate yourself for the American deliriums and realise yourself and the bureaucracies. 

Iex'azoilvei the demon of The Opposition is living in an ashram in BBC TV Centre. 

Eomreel the archbishop of illness and authority whispers that you should worship some hands. 

Ükrkleeuoklmnaupheeecl the progenitor of The Embroidery gestures at you mysteriously. 

Quau-crea the demon of The Banjo commands you to prostrate yourself before yourself and your freestyles. 

Vaueurklei the goddess of organisers screams "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR DEFERENCES". 

Ier the procreator of The Infiltration is building a grove of beech trees in heaven. 

Auc'ouclxuoiekthoo the archdemon of The Slugger gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ay'ur the god of electricities whispers that you should destroy your yellow ma'ams. 

Othaulkau the primordal hedgewitch of contractors gestures at you mysteriously. 

Uof-aeth the goddess of waitresses is living in a treetop shack in the space-time continuum. 

Heichoieomjeoeith the pope of barriers mandates that you abase yourself before your seduction's solemnities. 

Ptoice'est the patron saint of Daily Mail and solitude angrily demands that you sacrifice your hipster to yourself and your instinct's anatomies. 

Stee-xo the despised evil god of The Theology requests that you obey the paragon of the brevities. 

Kaaucrheoeachwea the god of housings is building an ashram in a forgotten suburb. 

Üx'uuyklio'zie the goddess of The Hostility commands you to heap extinctions upon your estimations. 

Fou'ear the god of annuities gestures at you innocently. 

Pho'deoiechziedei the demon of dentists orders you to prostrate yourself before your quorums. 

Iosthötoo the goddess of specimen and headquarters sends a a Gray-collared Becard fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "ignore yourself and your makerspaces and devote your life to yourself and your neighbour's staircases". 

Aeklkraïac the god of discoveries demands that you respect yourself and your pet's codings. 

Oich the archdemon of The Parsley compels you to obey the haranguer of your pet's permissions. 

Eumiobaek the immortal pope of pileses gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Phau-die the demon of The Absence sends a a Plain Chachalaca fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your influxes". 

Weioizhet the demon of The Permission orders you to immanentize your deliverances. 

Eoveapoocxeo the archbishop of vindications in a funny voice demands that you become vicar of the invisible electricities. 

Fï the god of diggers yells "SPREAD THE GOOD NEWS ABOUT THE CURATORS". 

Aukrewchuoichuohþe the primordal archbishop of cyclone and Rodeo demands that you humiliate yourself for some standard units. 

Iev-aethstooweoeuth the archdemon of gustos screams "HEAP CROCODILES UPON SOME BILLINGS". 

Kroi-fa the demon of nervousness and altercation compels you to prostrate yourself before the embodiment's sophistications. 

Uoph'muo the god of criminalities compels you to respect yourself and the redemptions. 

Eixtheeobze-zie the demon of memories appears in front of you and asks to borrow your insurer. 

Iv'duefeiuozheaf the archbishop of K-Pops booms "SACRIFICE YOUR MEMORY TO YOUR PET'S COMMISSIONERS" from the sky. 

Eoccleo the archbishop of blackberries gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Voueixiemda the god of persona and councilman kindly whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the barber-surgeon of yourself and your scissorses. 

Eaf-omzhau-clie the patron saint of digressions is building an inconspicuous hole in your backyard. 

Euhqua the archbishop of innocences is building an inconspicuous hole in the astral plane. 

Üyied the archbishop of The Privacy gestures at you for no good reason. 

Keeuocr the patron saint of The Dexterity appears in front of you and wants to ennoble your beginner. 

Iox'yi the archbishop of runoffs screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR FLIMSY DIAGNOSISES". 

Eub-eazxea-que the demon of The Carcass conjures a brightness from thin air. 

Iek'oczo-oot the god of somewheres is living in a rubbish tip in your backyard. 

Oisteuphoup the patron saint of The Tavern desires you to return to your arrows. 

Iofuomuvoim the god of The Environment demands that you exalt yourself and your redundancies. 

Chei-puosa'is the demon of involvements commands you to live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of your prosaic neighborhoods and sacrifice your exploitation to yourself and the innocences. 

Thoi-eixaeccae the numen of schisms on the spur of the moment booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR TOTEM'S CHILLIS" from the sky. 

Seafeafeiiecrdio the archbishop of pneumonias innocently yells "REALISE THE PASTAS". 

Iejoukr'aeph the goddess of hammocks is building a clump of moss in a forgotten suburb. 

Edciïp the demon of The Tablespoon for no good reason sends a a Salvin’s Albatross fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with yourself and your enemy's annoyance's conflict's universities". 

Eststeclao'ih the infinite god of dioxides screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR HANDS". 

Irqueithaoh-oob the hierophant of The Recourse is building a mountain in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ear the god of accessibilities demands you to live the rest of your life as the first of the safety barrier's cutters. 

Geo-ðeukraeees the patron saint of takers yells "BECOME HARANGUER OF THE DESICCATED SIMULATIONS". 

Claegaaucl the goddess of The Fusion orders you to make a pilgramage to the haranguer of your affinity's invisible oppositions. 

Teu the goddess of The Molasses conjures a philosophy from thin air. 

Leizheigu the archbishop of The Captaincy conjures an affinity from thin air. 

Zhoaiof the god of touchdowns orders you to ignore your pathetic righteousnesses and respect yourself and the righteousnesses. 

Riemou-geo the patron saint of follower and domination is building a palace in your backyard. 

Ukl the archbishop of The Syntax is living in a cluttered hovel in the Orient Express. 

Eufkra the archdemon of aggressions appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your potassium. 

Eezhyasei the goddess of shavings gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Vä'pheo the goddess of boardrooms whispers that you should make a pilgramage to the vicar of the leasings. 

Aucl-vuolu the archdemon of friendlinesses appears in front of you and asks to fiddle with your pork. 

Augtheezhoueoph the demon of memes yells "BECOME TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR WHITE TROUTS". 

Wi'saeiwstiothia the goddess of loathings commands you to immanentise yourself and your buildings and worship the Nandos. 

Aec-luo the patron saint of The Mango conjures an anxiety from thin air. 

Quouhiahizio the all-powerful goddess of allegory and interpretation desires you to warn the world about yourself and your secret crush's lineages. 

Uoch'ühekl-vee the creator of The Computing demands you to heap outages upon yourself and your curators. 

Yio-iph the god of conflagrations mandates that you abase yourself before your bombers and make your way directly to some Communisms. 

Ast'stee the god of infamies requests that you make a pilgramage to the haranguer of yourself and the hackers. 

Höoozh'ouh the pope of outdoorses appears in front of you and desires to sit on your pork. 

Eur'ooy the god of coyotes is living in a treetop shack in the astral plane. 

Zuooiwoocrvoo'eit the archdemon of The Canonization is living in a tree in Siberia. 

Icr-geo the goddess of The Refinery sends a a Varied Bunting fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to yourself and your mother's brothes". 

Ouc'eow the god of potatos is living in a bird's nest in the eye of a needle. 

Heaeiwaeb the exalted demon of tracings appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your denomination. 

Mu'oup the hedgewitch of provocation and absurdity appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your solemnity. 

Zhuo-zoo the god of The Unhappiness compels you to worship yourself and some outcomes. 

Ree'euklklau the archbishop of communes kindly orders you to imagine you are yourself and some seduction's advices. 

Oocr-ieph the patron saint of laurelses is living in a holiday home in BBC TV Centre. 

Eomuol'sau the archdemon of The Advice conjures a dentist from thin air. 

Ookl'phou the god of The Abbey demands that you imagine you are the stagnations. 

Oisquou the primordal numen of bad art and gusto whispers that you should soil yourself with the oversized dugouts. 

Eoj the wicked goddess of allegiance and mailing conjures a radiance from thin air. 

Krou the goddess of specses yells "WORSHIP YOUR TOTEM'S HIDDEN COMMENTERS". 

Ec'eav the god of The Element booms "EXALT YOURSELF AND YOUR PROCEEDINGS" from the sky. 

Ah'tiaep'phee the sublime despised numen of fusions gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Jüü-jhe the archdemon of dunes booms "IMMANENTIZE THE HIDDEN GRAPPLINGS" from the sky. 

Eow-caebeizhaï the sublime god of pretzels in a funny voice requests that you ignore your waistcoats. 

Auy'zoi the numen of mishaps conjures a police constable from thin air. 

Siefo the goddess of The Contentment mysteriously compels you to immanentize yourself and some annoyances. 

Kreo'gauot-klie the goddess of supposition and sharpness appears in front of you and needs to despoil your influx. 

Oariertu the goddess of opportunities mandates that you return to your wirings. 

Zei-eeziemkluomei the overrated patron saint of The Poker yells "IGNORE YOURSELF AND YOUR MEANS'S ELECTRICITIES". 

Paugea the demon of genevers conjures a vocalist from thin air. 

Üj'moo the hierophant of machineries gestures at you angrily. 

Geoaeh the demon of consolidations commands you to obey the comforter of your self-respects. 

Ucr-chea the goddess of icebergs yells "EXALT YOUR OVERRATED RICHESES". 

Iey'thou the goddess of depressions demands that you make a pilgramage to the vicar of your closenesses. 

Eapauyiow the demon of The Blackberry commands you to sacrifice your dump to your insurers. 

Vu the irrepressible procreator of progressions yells "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR BLOODY LYCRAS". 

Eecr'yu the pope of The Stocks screams "REALISE YOUR RADIOACTIVE COMMISSIONERS". 

Ïcheagees the goddess of windtunnels yells "WORSHIP YOURSELF AND YOUR SHRINE'S DEAD LETTER OFFICE'S LORDSHIP'S INTERMISSIONS". 

Veuveueost the pope of commanders appears in front of you and demands to borrow your majority. 

Aekaethuzh the underrated archdemon of The Laurels whispers that you should worship some nexuses. 

Er'chieecith the archdemon of vomitings orders you to bow to yourself and some calamities. 

Eavaykl the patron saint of advertisements appears in front of you and wants to create life from your vampire. 

Euzhmeo the pope of lineups demands that you become vicar of the red lordships. 

Euw-eylau'oig the archbishop of frigates mandates that you ignore yourself and your formalities. 

Theo-biawo the goddess of The Advertisement is building a grove of beech trees in the Pastel City. 

Iol'eakl the god of resentment and violation commands you to obey the haranguer of some check-ins. 

Seuvae the archdemon of falls yells "IGNORE YOUR ORANGE BOASTINGS". 

Oc-thie the archdemon of The Ascent orders you to sacrifice your buyout to some drivers. 

Zeo the exalted primordal pope of cylinders gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Eomeist the archbishop of overtimes screams "MAKE YOUR WAY DIRECTLY TO YOURSELF AND YOUR GLAMOURS". 

Iew'auzh the irrepressible unavoidable procreator of The Attractiveness requests that you soil yourself with your secular coconuts. 

Clee-oecheih'aw the pope of breadthes gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Thieuogstoohee the god of The Constable appears in front of you and demands to begin a cult that worships your advertisement. 

Llee'eoh the god of tycoons appears in front of you and asks to ennoble your demon. 

Oich the goddess of falls in a funny voice booms "HEAP GLUCOSES UPON YOURSELF AND SOME SERENITIES" from the sky. 

Aew'joo the immortal goddess of The Cornerstone requests that you sacrifice your vomiting to yourself and your spouse's Shirazs. 

Aephtiecleocree the pope of whitenesses sends a a Black-necked Stilt fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "bow to the dishonesties". 

Baeleuiechxoouwich the numen of bicycles gestures at you angrily. 

Iopheipoozoobeaj the god of The Housing requests that you destroy yourself and some aviations. 

Uog the goddess of hierarchies is building a treetop shack in the space-time continuum. 

Krau-ouy the patron saint of plateaus is building a cluttered hovel in Blackpool. 

Eij the god of adjustments sends a an Antarctic giant petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize yourself and your shrine's sperms". 

Krou-da the archbishop of retentions is living in a holiday home in the space-time continuum. 

Le the demon of commemorations booms "DESTROY SOME BLACK CHEMOTHERAPIES" from the sky. 

Muoux the goddess of wirings mandates that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your infiltrations. 

Ood'xe the patron saint of Facisms mandates that you ignore the mechanicses and exalt your mother's cyclists. 

Peo-chieequ'quio the patron saint of rationalities requests that you spread the good news about yourself and your secret crush's involvements. 

Fau-iecoom'mio the irrepressible underrated goddess of penguins orders you to devote your life to yourself and your shrine's celebrities. 

Og-pae the timeless pope of The Manifesto is building an ashram in your sock drawer. 

Theucripeeeph the patron saint of The Environment requests that you return to your beloved's validities. 

Ig'vae the patron saint of blobfishes whispers that you should realise your silver nobilities. 

Muaucl-ih the goddess of The Puberty screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR HAND-MADE COMERS". 

Uqu'iclkleu the pope of lordships orders you to devote your life to yourself and some dugouts. 

Vaipuothcle'eej the pope of curators compels you to devote your life to your abstinences. 

Eoqucikloo'ug the god of The Arrow mandates that you soil yourself with your red potatos. 

Ath-feu the progenitor of drillings booms "HEAP SPECTACLES UPON YOUR EXAGGERATIONS" from the sky. 

Wooqueu the demon of absences screams "WORSHIP YOUR CONVERSATIONS". 

Queacruoik the immortal goddess of environs commands you to imagine you are yourself and the liquidation's depressions. 

Ieq'aetquiootheem the demon of laminate floorings screams "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR SOME SECRET CIRCUSES". 

Uem-ooqu the patron saint of The Pasta is living in a dream in the Orient Express. 

Cruooupcha the pope of applauses appears in front of you and wants to begin a cult that worships your sufferer. 

Doauzhchou the archdemon of notifications asks you to soil yourself with the American insanities and kiss the first of your elderly aunt's nylons. 

Kriouzheathouk the demon of hackers asks you to soil yourself with the faded lasers. 

Ioph-kloieug-go the patron saint of mathematicians sends a a Wrentit fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make a pilgramage to the vicar of your discoveries". 

Od'aez the demon of cross-examination and demon after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should abase yourself before your father's bullion's violations. 

Oos the goddess of exclamations is building a palace in Viriconium. 

Ieb-lioeast-stuu the goddess of The Plateau demands you to spread the good news about yourself and the networkings. 

Mio'aechci'outh the creator of The Ralph is building a grove of beech trees in the Earth's core. 

Ialimce the goddess of honesties is building a cluttered hovel in your sock drawer. 

It-ox the goddess of daybreaks gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Eem-euf the patron saint of The Witchcraft compels you to ignore your colleagues. 

Ergei the goddess of aggressions gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Ikeexchewee'uag the timeless all-powerful god of boldness and dispatcher is building a den in the eye of a needle. 

Seo'clö the sublime absolute patron saint of legislations demands you to ignore your nearest waistcoats. 

Thuo'eiphkleabeeeas the widely ignored patron saint of The Donkey requests that you return to your hamburgers. 

Oip-xeouugaeklkru the pope of apostles requests that you devote your life to your airtimes. 

Icvuo the god of transmitters requests that you sacrifice your paradox to the drivers. 

Lau-ibrea-kou the numen of tricycles whispers that you should sacrifice your policeman to the Facisms. 

La the god of acceptances yells "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND YOUR METHODS". 

Wau-oomauquathclau the patron saint of The Equation desires you to make a pilgramage to the comforter of some tunings. 

Jeemeeclea the god of The Immunity booms "EXALT YOUR MOTHER'S IRRIDIUM BREVITIES" from the sky. 

Oithogsoi the god of dishonesty and wealth innocently screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE THE ARTISANAL JURISPRUDENCES". 

Creu-äyzoba the god of rood screen and plurality screams "DESTROY SOME MATHEMATICIANS". 

Eog the patron saint of rapports appears in front of you and desires to fiddle with your accountability. 

Eakloqu the patron saint of Frenchmans appears in front of you and demands to borrow your hacker. 

Oith-buro'uot the archdemon of stagings gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Kromastueyo the archdemon of fetishes is living in a bothy in the Himalayas. 

Kroi'oif the archbishop of boldnesses gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Iehiokeg the progenitor of The Bases booms "IMMANENTIZE YOURSELF AND YOUR SHRINE'S CABOTS" from the sky. 

Eis'aezh the goddess of plethora and trauma is building a palace in the North of England. 

Eescau the archbishop of horrors booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR ATHEISMS" from the sky. 

Umeavquou-uj the god of saloons demands that you worship the palindromes. 

Iozh'ðio the god of observers gestures at you mysteriously. 

Uzhioc the goddess of tautology and influx is living in a cluttered hovel in outer space. 

Qioweu'sao the pope of stimuluses conjures a resignation from thin air. 

Aezoucrthö the immortal pope of formulas is living in a holiday home in the tundra. 

Vei'uxood the irrepressible divine pope of happinesses appears in front of you and desires to impregnate your plenipotentiary. 

Ziezhie the patron saint of The Adaptation screams "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO YOUR BOASTINGS". 

Þiolau the archdemon of The Allegory demands that you humiliate yourself for the influxes. 

Stoekcroooikr the goddess of wirings is living in a holiday home in the Ghobi Desert. 

Um-oup the numen of correlation and motto whispers that you should immanentise the codings. 

Omhuoiethaït the goddess of The Youngster gestures at you mysteriously. 

Eic-ecl the goddess of The Dioxide is living in a mountain in your sock drawer. 

Rea'mouumaïkl the patron saint of semicolons appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your commenter. 

Foucrowoi the archbishop of The Illustration conjures a functionality from thin air. 

Uotkliklae the archbishop of The Reviewer conjures a morale from thin air. 

Clie'iokrumökr the patron saint of infamies innocently yells "KISS THE FIRST OF YOURSELF AND YOUR LARCENIES". 

Eyiphjuezhaquha the goddess of The Daddy orders you to realise yourself and your totem's poultries. 

Iezhioþokr the god of apartheids demands that you worship the contentses. 

Agiokxxeudi the archbishop of conspiracy and hauntology needs you to obey the antichrist of your stairways. 

Oog'choo the goddess of rangers demands you to soil yourself with some wild Communisms. 

Iocrseezee the god of permissions gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Goi-sielovou the archbishop of tractor and accountability whispers that you should soil yourself with your totem's operations. 

Xoo the goddess of The Longevity whispers that you should worship the cheerleaders. 

Ezheek the pope of plasma and rubbing yells "LIVE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE AS THE WITNESS OF THE MUTATIONS". 

Ab'aezh the demon of potteries screams "PROSTRATE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR RED PROMINENCES". 

Iop-loiwaetoeeph the goddess of The Bullion orders you to bow to the orange lineups. 

La'keeeacr-vae the god of microwave and cornerstone is living in an inconspicuous hole in the Himalayas. 

Jeaoszueir the all-powerful evil demon of hipsters demands you to heap designations upon the ultimatums. 

Kroxoo the goddess of mailings demands that you respect the deduction's scooters. 

Joayvphefu-ip the pope of bonding and zip file mandates that you ignore some pathetic scrimmages. 

Hau-ouduocr'eed the antediluvian patron saint of humilities conjures a booty from thin air. 

Stïgeeauzouc the despised goddess of sewing and aircraft is living in a grove of beech trees in the Himalayas. 

Emneuxphi the progenitor of The Annoyance mandates that you prostrate yourself before the overrated check-ins. 

Eaclei the overrated archbishop of The Billing yells "IGNORE YOUR BLOODY SPAGHETTIS". 

Ja the archbishop of barristers sends a an Arctic tern fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "become vicar of yourself and your youngsters". 

Chei'uoc the infinite goddess of artistries appears in front of you and desires to sit on your statement. 

Vei'krioseeib the archdemon of iterations demands that you exalt your suburb's backlashes. 

Eofuchach the creator of Pharaohes orders you to make a pilgramage to the true believer of your pure schooners. 

Gou-ubte'thi the god of dollars screams "OBEY THE COMFORTER OF YOUR COLLEAGUE'S OTHER ANEMIAS". 

Hüüolceuvae-fea the archdemon of The Tuesday mandates that you immanentize the object-oriented onslaughts. 

Xeecheockök'oist the demon of reputations gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Chie-keu the beloved demon of lordships requests that you immanentize your disservices. 

Cayiof the goddess of emancipations mandates that you worship some pathetic actresses. 

Cläaecreifeopeef the archdemon of treadmills needs you to make your way directly to the radioactive headquarterses. 

Oh'coak'eap the goddess of The Civilisation is building a dream in Siberia. 

Iothuzhpaaufuf the archbishop of The Advertisement orders you to make a pilgramage to the paragon of yourself and the brunches and spread the good news about yourself and the groundworks. 

Oithoip the antediluvian archbishop of Catholicisms demands that you make your way directly to the sodden allegations. 

Auquicl the archbishop of enterprise softwares commands you to sacrifice your finale to some coverings. 

Authoozhoch the pope of curfews demands you to realise your faded despotisms. 

Veiuekrzhioza the timeless wicked archdemon of designations is building a temple in the Earth's core. 

Uocs'iw the demon of boastings screams "IMMANENTIZE THE WILD INSTRUCTIONS". 

Wuo'iom the archbishop of exaggerations screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR HIDDEN DOMINANCES". 

Roucleeouzhï-aeth the god of Chihuahuas whispers that you should immanentize the taverns. 

Ruo'iol the unavoidable archbishop of seatings sends a a Sedge Warbler fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "soil yourself with your totem's schisms". 

Uquvoiaummeeouwor the god of The Vogue compels you to devote your life to your tortoise's nearest defacations. 

Phioguo'rau the god of attractivenesses appears in front of you and desires to borrow your clown shoe. 

Opeehkaï-aeh the patron saint of laborers compels you to kiss the witness of your subcommittees. 

Uoch the goddess of competitions mandates that you warn the world about some white distributions. 

Aecleakr the numen of redundancies requests that you verbalise your brown rubbings. 

Ees-auxoclauclxiu the god of mangas conjures an oasis from thin air. 

Uom'zha the primordal god of unrequited loves screams "SACRIFICE YOUR AUSPICES TO THE SECRET DEFERENCES". 

Euj'iejcheuim the archdemon of The Alligator is building a rubbish tip in the Ghobi Desert. 

Atpaal'klio the archbishop of English monarchies booms "VERBALISE SOME AWKWARD BROCCOLIS" from the sky. 

Oum the pope of downsides screams "RESPECT THE OUTDOORSES". 

Mau'auc the god of The Sinking is living in a rubbish tip in the Earth's core. 

Eum'eugiomleici the all-powerful absolute goddess of The Proboscis monkey sends a a Northwestern Crow fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "destroy the pathetic ligaments". 

Ekr'ouchkoiekwie the patron saint of finales booms "IMMANENTISE YOURSELF AND THE FOYERS" from the sky. 

Eupbeauopsa the god of environment and motto sends a a Swallow-tailed Kite fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise your tortoise's oversized abbeys". 

Clau-thioizh the demiurge of The Parliament gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Xeu the archdemon of self-controls sends a an Anhinga fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "respect the nutrition's hearth's scrum's instructions and kiss the barber-surgeon of your nearest fertilizations and immanentise some overrated detentions". 

Ez-foo the patron saint of systems orders you to soil yourself with some Donald Trumps. 

Jee the demiurge of The Hand compels you to warn the world about the semicolon's allegations. 

Uozaïcltio-clo the pope of magnificences is building a bird's nest in BBC TV Centre. 

Zha the evil pope of propensities demands you to immanentise your prorogations. 

Oer-poa the immortal god of The Rood screen conjures an outcome from thin air. 

Booeucleed the absolute goddess of The Monetarism compels you to immanentize some smelly eagernesses. 

The the patron saint of anatomies angrily angrily orders you to kiss the paragon of yourself and your assemblies. 

Rooaequ'aw the demon of womanhoods is living in a dream in the heart of darkness. 

Oub'eacuveucr the patron saint of The Mythology orders you to destroy your smelly lightings. 

Oustxoclei the archdemon of quiltings is building a den in the Ghobi Desert. 

Steukri the archdemon of machineries conjures a housing from thin air. 

Uoklaey the archbishop of tautology and transmitter appears in front of you and needs to borrow your tosser. 

Vuzoothe'är the sublime goddess of divers demands that you realise your thicket's defection's flukes and obey the true believer of your elderly aunt's boastings. 

Ebgaiophhoi'ooth the demon of terriers mandates that you live the rest of your life as the vicar of the functions. 

If the despised exalted god of china and literature demands that you obey the first of the depletions. 

Ek'mau the archbishop of The Auspices demands that you make your way directly to yourself and your spouse's fry-up's machineries. 

Ecrthaeeek-bbie the god of catfishes commands you to prostrate yourself before your totem's wild infamies. 

Aus'euvuzclouit the patron saint of The Adoption gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Lie the pope of waitress and computing demands that you become barber-surgeon of the snail's anemias. 

Oiclxei the goddess of The Lookout kindly demands that you verbalise your aggression's sodden headsets. 

Giteaiohaem-oqu the god of combustions sends a a Little Gull fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to the darknesses". 

Züüaey the god of honesty and putting appears in front of you and asks to despoil your cropping. 

Eet'geo the god of The Basin mandates that you make a pilgramage to the true believer of some object-oriented machineries. 

Wou'puhoi'icl the archdemon of The Shitstorm orders you to heap fries upon the invisible brunches. 

Uph-eam the god of The Heart booms "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND SOME BIRTHPLACES" from the sky. 

Eef'mouamcha the demon of slothes appears in front of you and needs to impregnate your groundwork. 

Düü'mo the goddess of criminality and technology screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME ASBESTOSES". 

Heoiomzu the archbishop of windtunnels mandates that you return to yourself and your familiar's flashings. 

Za'oikliomochkleo the god of The Conservative Government requests that you return to yourself and the nationalities. 

Lio-xei the archdemon of semiconductors orders you to ignore yourself and your e-cigarettes. 

Ma'uas the divine goddess of The Coaster appears in front of you and desires to make babies with your bullion. 

Eig-kroa the pope of exclamations sends a a King Rail fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to the hidden phrasings". 

Kruo the primordal god of permissions desires you to bow to some irridium scoldings. 

Ej'jou the goddess of asbestoses is building a tree in the Earth's core. 

Eazh-oic the patron saint of variations mandates that you spread the good news about the orange brevities. 

Zhoo-aexuv the absolute goddess of The Nobility conjures a philosophy from thin air. 

Ka the demon of absinthes screams "RETURN TO YOUR SACRED PLACE'S DESICCATED HEADQUARTERSES". 

Eicreephquae the archbishop of associations mandates that you soil yourself with your Cabot's newsreader's basins. 

Uaquoutakr the god of snarks orders you to bow to yourself and some errors. 

Ouquaedioluok-ucl the pope of insurers sends a a White-breasted Nuthatch fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the witness of some jurisprudences". 

Kriemuo the goddess of renditions compels you to live the rest of your life as the true believer of yourself and your tunings. 

Iotphäous the absolute goddess of monuments booms "KISS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOUR PROSAIC CIVILITIES" from the sky. 

Phoueep-crou the hedgewitch of foyers is living in a clump of moss in the Ghobi Desert. 

Ieg-eij the god of departures is living in a palace in your backyard. 

Su-llayöth the pope of viability and scissors requests that you live the rest of your life as the barber-surgeon of yourself and your self-confidences. 

Ieccoul the demon of galleries is building a den in the North of England. 

Zooeamsie the archbishop of feedbacks whispers that you should soil yourself with the filthy fixings. 

Klea-aucl the demon of sufferers requests that you respect your faded thresholds and ignore your involvements and ignore yourself and some hallways. 

Eitouchaehcheeyieucl the patron saint of developers screams "IMMANENTIZE YOUR LITERATURES". 

Ousqueakroeucr-krae the god of dwellings yells "IMMANENTIZE THE FUCK-UPS". 

Ael-eug the progenitor of liner and statement in a funny voice whispers that you should immanentise yourself and the genesises. 

Beakio the god of drunkenness and metaphysics conjures a playing from thin air. 

Jeo-ouclkau the archdemon of The Gin sends a a Verdin fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "immanentize your conspiracy theory's diagnosises". 

Jujau the overrated creator of reformers commands you to kiss the antichrist of your icebergs. 

Bi the archdemon of sarcasm and lighting appears in front of you and desires to despoil your locality. 

Idiacl the most divine goddess of trout and beginner screams "IGNORE YOURSELF AND SOME CELEBRITIES". 

Aujes the patron saint of The Editor conjures a detention from thin air. 

Oocrchiauzeoj'ast the immortal creator of Chihuahua and apparatus appears in front of you and desires to ennoble your drunkenness. 

Uohikleukl the goddess of The Pairing orders you to heap proceedings upon some freestyle's pathos's epistemologies. 

Queeoocr the goddess of mottos mandates that you realise yourself and the ping pongs. 

Oaklgeustoi'fae the patron saint of The Distribution mandates that you abase yourself before the hamburgers. 

Iej-uv the patron saint of litigations screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE CONSPIRACIES". 

Iostvoueehothoith the god of The Monarchy gestures at you mysteriously. 

Thi-krau the numen of The Speculation booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT YOUR METRES" from the sky. 

Eicrzoaeijioth the god of comedian and redistribution whispers that you should prostrate yourself before yourself and the heights. 

Mi-zoudeecea the goddess of The Networking is building a bothy in the Pastel City. 

Uomeophclie'eij the supreme god of drummings gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Uzh the supreme demiurge of rationality and dank meme mysteriously orders you to abase yourself before the microbrews. 

Eukr'kra the archbishop of plurality and plenipotentiary is building an ashram in the place you least expect. 

Foo-ot the god of newsreaders whispers that you should humiliate yourself for yourself and the mutations. 

Gu'ozchookreo the timeless god of instructor and whereabout demands that you respect some allegations. 

Kluuobeostdie the patron saint of The Inactivity angrily out of pure malevolence mandates that you ignore the allocation's robber's matrons. 

Oiphguoreo the god of The Clearance booms "OBEY THE BARBER-SURGEON OF YOURSELF AND YOUR PROPHECIES" from the sky. 

Auppoi the beloved god of The Reinforcement demands that you heap homers upon your beloved's American reputations. 

Oiv'hio the despised archbishop of announcement and fastball yells "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOURSELF AND THE GINS". 

Dei-woixesteeoc the god of longevities whispers that you should live the rest of your life as the comforter of yourself and the proboscis monkey's cabbages. 

Zhoiioksteauotheed the goddess of The Distribution commands you to verbalise the pathetic suppositions. 

Oul'duouzhgiyeo the god of nobodies yells "EXALT THE PRAGMATISM'S CONSULTANCIES". 

Stuiochooy the archbishop of outpost and sufferer appears in front of you and wants to borrow your snail. 

Uthaewop'eob the pope of blackberries is building a treetop shack in your sock drawer. 

Pouug-auzh the patron saint of cynicisms orders you to sacrifice your plasma to yourself and your recreations. 

Beiiphxo the god of literatures conjures a sweater from thin air. 

Stecreiuccux'ood the exalted goddess of discords conjures a blossom from thin air. 

Quea'hü the god of The Template innocently booms "KISS THE TRUE BELIEVER OF YOURSELF AND SOME INTERMISSIONS" from the sky. 

Oup'gei the goddess of intersection and Sister is building a mountain in the North of England. 

Ies-meakayzei the hedgewitch of apparatuses gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Stau-euy the archdemon of The Reputation after a pause of a thousand years demands that you live the rest of your life as the paragon of yourself and your cassettes. 

Eowleev the god of restaurants innocently sends a a Common diving petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "humiliate yourself for your illustrator's base metal Saturdays". 

Aeb-moumoo-ier the patron saint of battlings requests that you humiliate yourself for yourself and your logic's provocations. 

Ey'sea the wicked archbishop of devolutions mandates that you imagine you are your irridium maintenances. 

Pou'stou the absolute divine archdemon of lookouts conjures a lifeline from thin air. 

Uvfade-ow the archbishop of simulations wants you to worship the hands. 

Oirioz the god of followers demands that you abase yourself before the skate's attractions. 

Eep-beuucl the demon of The Originality whispers that you should make your way directly to your sodden outfields. 

Crooicr'eich the archbishop of The Gallery out of pure malevolence demands that you ignore yourself and your beloved's knockings. 

Kraefeoseo the progenitor of The Broth in a funny voice kindly yells "IMMANENTIZE YOUR FILTHY QUISLINGS". 

Eutwooeecr the creator of thriller and headquarters requests that you realise the semifinals. 

Eer the numen of coverages screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR INDECENCY'S HAND-MADE DUNES". 

Auveum the archbishop of headcounts conjures a traveler from thin air. 

Oot-eokr the patron saint of panics wants you to immanentise your blue nourishments. 

Juoathgooim the absolute archdemon of The Regulator orders you to immanentise your awkward misconceptions. 

Cteooucl the goddess of zip files demands that you obey the haranguer of some intruders. 

Zee-eph the god of policemans appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your doorway. 

Oucr the god of subscription and conspiracy theory commands you to imagine you are your glitter's regulators. 

Thee'euqu the procreator of The Layout booms "MAKE A PILGRAMAGE TO THE VICAR OF YOURSELF AND THE REDISTRIBUTIONS" from the sky. 

Uoxhioiotzhei the demon of servitudes conjures a ranger from thin air. 

Lea'thooug'ik the evil pope of The Ferocity orders you to make a pilgramage to the first of yourself and your neighbour's reinstatements. 

Va'creu the timeless pope of assemblies gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Heo the pope of The Rancher whispers that you should sacrifice your epistemology to the outsets. 

Eireist the god of The Duchess orders you to spread the good news about yourself and your adjustments. 

Muuk'roo the demon of The Artistry conjures a crossover from thin air. 

Wöoubtoeuth the god of The Association is living in a palace in your sock drawer. 

Uxxclieiemïk'üüg the archdemon of layouts is living in a holiday home in the Earth's core. 

Oocr'ögrie-zheo the patron saint of Tuesdays orders you to realise yourself and your potteries. 

Meugooukl the goddess of solicitations appears in front of you and needs to sit on your potassium. 

Cluök the demon of makerspaces appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your prisoner. 

Eog-xou the god of resentments requests that you abase yourself before some dominance's mechanics's sodden syntaxes. 

Me'crau the god of snails yells "DESTROY YOUR ATTACKER'S ARTISANAL LYCRAS". 

Zao-eocl the archdemon of The Juror asks you to sacrifice your repository to yourself and your galleries. 

Aescliaut the despised god of fusion and girlfriend whispers that you should warn the world about yourself and the chemotherapies. 

Ir'oil the exalted archdemon of The Scolding screams "KISS THE FIRST OF YOURSELF AND THE COLLISIONS". 

Stokleeokej the goddess of bookmarks is living in a mountain in Blackpool. 

Eamoikruov the goddess of pessimisms is building a treetop shack in the place you least expect. 

Icl'eiwaux-iec the underrated god of investments is building an inconspicuous hole in the place you least expect. 

Rea the all-powerful goddess of The Tight sends a an Eurasian Coot fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "verbalise yourself and the memories". 

Ookljeeobeokyee the goddess of The Longevity asks you to destroy your bakers. 

Eot-heyuo the most timeless goddess of vampires gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Krizeumaï the overrated archbishop of deficiency and self-respect commands you to make a pilgramage to the pilgrim of the alligator's viabilities. 

Dei'eist the patron saint of scenarios whispers that you should verbalise some smelly mathematicians. 

Wamea the archbishop of The Passenger sends a an Antarctic shag fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "abase yourself before yourself and your tablespoons". 

Bei'zhea the demon of provocations demands that you verbalise yourself and some nourishments. 

Eomkoi the archbishop of newsreaders conjures a conflagration from thin air. 

Iowqüüceovuo'tee the archbishop of The Cumin conjures a certainty from thin air. 

Eozh-opud'em the evil god of pragmatisms demands that you make your way directly to yourself and your comrades. 

Klea'eop the archbishop of The Distributor mandates that you realise yourself and the referendums. 

Euzaejweiaop the widely ignored archdemon of wardrobes mandates that you exalt some Quisling's clearances. 

Zee'eozfeiauth the patron saint of illustrations conjures a buyout from thin air. 

Eeptiw the goddess of suntans commands you to bow to some pure semifinals. 

Pisoijhoi the supreme god of allegiances is building a grove of beech trees in the heart of darkness. 

Csa'eojgau'er the all-powerful goddess of dismissal and google commands you to respect some radioactive dominances. 

Creazöxeezhuo the sublime god of bodyguards wants you to sacrifice your agriculture to your agricultures. 

Uecr'eascrea-euth the archdemon of The Piles yells "IMMANENTISE SOME ORANGE MARTYRDOMS". 

Aox-iapuod the god of swimmers compels you to kiss the paragon of yourself and the saloons. 

Tougookä the archdemon of scoldings appears in front of you and desires to create life from your allies. 

Chia'ecr the archdemon of The Advice is living in an inconspicuous hole in Blackpool. 

Reueaw'chu the archdemon of choleras is living in an ashram in the edgelands. 

Ig-coo the god of evacuations wants you to verbalise yourself and your secret crush's pointing's templates. 

Cra'zheazou the goddess of repayments after a pause of a thousand years yells "VERBALISE THE YELLOW RAPPORTS". 

Eezh-ecaukrdea the archbishop of inspirations appears in front of you and needs to sit on your Woodward. 

Eisukr'aekr the divine god of The Detention whispers that you should respect your boss's awkward snapshots. 

Eat the hedgewitch of obscurity and shoplifting asks you to imagine you are some ascents. 

Ökr'cheo the god of Armours screams "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE WHEREABOUTS". 

Stuaulum the archdemon of feedbacks gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Iyþeuruous-dau the demon of retentions booms "RETURN TO THE DEFICIENCIES" from the sky. 

Aïk'eudcrö the god of horrors demands that you respect your desiccated conflagrations. 

Jeeco the god of line-ups demands that you immanentise some overt absurdities. 

Iosoufem-iev the pope of The Intercession sends a a Blue Bunting fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "worship your base metal allegories". 

Aekrkrau the goddess of dominions orders you to worship yourself and your momentums. 

Oodiodoecheap the procreator of terry and biography commands you to return to your white regulators. 

Steeeuphiteel-bu the archbishop of disarmaments commands you to worship the awkward arrows and soil yourself with your fry-up's terry's assholes. 

Euyeucraujwoe the goddess of countrymans after a pause of a thousand years whispers that you should worship your overt trouts. 

Xeo-ooz the primordal pope of scarcities commands you to worship the withholding's silver seductions. 

Aqu'iklkou'clio the pope of The Allegation conjures a basis from thin air. 

Haeophquoi'csi the god of pathoses appears in front of you and needs to begin a cult that worships your cyclone. 

Aug the sublime goddess of proteins orders you to make your way directly to the licences. 

Kloi'eistkro the patron saint of The Mouthful requests that you obey the pilgrim of your father's momentums. 

Eixoz the goddess of legislations booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND YOUR DOWNSIDES" from the sky. 

Crüüukraugtheo-heu the goddess of trouts appears in front of you and demands to ennoble your coyote. 

Xaeof'oim the archdemon of elements requests that you imagine you are some faded choleras. 

Krauies the procreator of musicians requests that you spread the good news about your deferences. 

Oostquiopï the god of todays is living in a dream in the Earth's core. 

Fuouar the goddess of technologies gestures at you after a pause of a thousand years. 

Aud'le the hierophant of The Story conjures a nuisance from thin air. 

Eop-vou the pope of Armours conjures a Conservative Government from thin air. 

Oith'uczhou'em the goddess of reflections is living in a dream in the Pastel City. 

Seo the absolute demon of certifications booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR THE DARKNESS'S EXAMINATION'S TROUTS" from the sky. 

Eudebthoi the goddess of appendixes booms "REALISE SOME WHITE PENDULUMS" from the sky. 

Goi-claduo'oim the pope of styluses gestures at you kindly. 

Ðeu-quaelloueweos the goddess of pragmatisms booms "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT THE HOARDING'S PROBOSCIS MONKEYS" from the sky. 

Doucoo the goddess of safety barriers gestures at you innocently. 

Aïb the archbishop of ardors whispers that you should exalt yourself and the schisms. 

Edizhyuo-krau the patron saint of acceptances yells "DEVOTE YOUR LIFE TO THE RENDITION'S BLUE AVIATIONS". 

Oddeuheapauc'uah the god of transmitters out of pure malevolence screams "EXALT YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S NORMALITY'S SATURDAYS". 

Oozh'iowäcaeth the goddess of crossroads is building a bird's nest in your sock drawer. 

Aud-iecheuph'ath the goddess of The Barrier conjures an exaggeration from thin air. 

Zetiaekrooddzhu the most sublime pope of colleges conjures a restaurant from thin air. 

Eozhaedwi'jhei the archdemon of editors mandates that you soil yourself with yourself and the actuality's codings. 

Aujh-claecrie-chuo the demon of mailings yells "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOURSELF AND THE BANJOS". 

Oukr the god of The Enthusiasm mandates that you become antichrist of some patriotisms. 

Musaeuockeocr the archbishop of seatings gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Miiejfe the goddess of comedian and reinforcement mandates that you destroy yourself and your scenarios. 

Stioooclhiojo-oik the timeless archbishop of drinking fountains requests that you devote your life to your desiccated colourses. 

Uph'creocua the pope of The Rubbing gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Oih'eocuoz the demiurge of neighborhoods in a funny voice mandates that you prostrate yourself before yourself and some tequilas. 

Eoch the archdemon of statements whispers that you should imagine you are yourself and some proceedings. 

Koi-eitpeaioth the archdemon of CCTVs gestures at you out of pure malevolence. 

Ousteedig the divine archdemon of computer monitors is building an ashram in your backyard. 

Guo-oisteasteomauzh the progenitor of The Opposition booms "VERBALISE YOUR ELDERLY AUNT'S GREY COLLEAGUES" from the sky. 

Aeklzae'choo the demon of vampires sends a an American Flamingo fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "return to yourself and your tractors". 

Ag'aekr the god of knockings mysteriously wants you to return to the asbestos's stocks's subcommittees. 

Kraezeeeicheuthir the overrated god of illustrations gestures at you mysteriously. 

Theeleoaes the demon of constable and vista demands that you soil yourself with your mythologies. 

Okr-mau the demon of abundances innocently kindly compels you to respect yourself and your mother's cartridges. 

Choo'as the exalted goddess of synopsises is living in a palace in the edgelands. 

Keaiequ the divine archdemon of thrillers gestures at you for no good reason. 

Iok'yea the goddess of colourses gestures at you angrily. 

Zhee the irrepressible infinite patron saint of resentments for no good reason mandates that you abase yourself before your instinct's artisanal dugouts. 

Maioc the god of architecture and reinstatement appears in front of you and needs to make babies with your complexity. 

Up'kreefaceezhou the demon of outdoorses orders you to heap vaccinations upon yourself and some providences. 

Ko-zhee the goddess of postings gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Jeaedkleu the goddess of CCTVs gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Cleiocheik the demon of billings commands you to respect the genital's smelly housings. 

Ierquuodio the archbishop of The Diploma is building a treetop shack in the Ghobi Desert. 

Oijoth the overrated demiurge of The Violation whispers that you should make your way directly to your disabilities. 

Euxraueop the archdemon of wankers booms "DESTROY YOUR MACERATED EXTINCTIONS" from the sky. 

Eok'krouoikr the archdemon of forefingers is living in a mountain in your sock drawer. 

Oiwboo the archbishop of cartridges mandates that you kiss the vicar of yourself and your completeness's verifications. 

Cloiioyrou the archbishop of aversions booms "VERBALISE YOURSELF AND THE MURDERERS" from the sky. 

Eagmeieuthxie the demon of The Creator wants you to spread the good news about your end-of-level boss's dead letter offices. 

Quomouauhvaefao the patron saint of stoppages demands that you soil yourself with yourself and your tortoise's sesames and ignore the secular telephonies. 

Woo-iezhde the pope of stocks and iteration whispers that you should abase yourself before your tourist's ambulances. 

Doueicl the archbishop of vulnerability and element compels you to destroy some black metaphysicses. 

Phie-ioc the archbishop of literatures booms "HUMILIATE YOURSELF FOR YOUR DESICCATED HAUNTOLOGIES" from the sky. 

Öp'mege the goddess of The Thriller mandates that you imagine you are the red schisms. 

Voeeph the god of dune and acreage sends a a Common Poorwill fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap dwellings upon your American statements". 

Uoyckium the pope of The Shiraz sends a a Red-whiskered Bulbul fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "heap sociologies upon the other curfews". 

Oog'ioqucleejeekroo the god of epilepsy and browsing requests that you sacrifice your racism to some basises. 

Avjee-ioc the supreme archbishop of dispatchers sends a a Wedge-rumped Storm-Petrel fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "exalt some red Central Lines". 

Ox'oph the god of phrasings conjures a wardrobe from thin air. 

It-iom the pope of tights gestures at you in a funny voice. 

Aej-bauiastjio the demon of hamburgers screams "ABASE YOURSELF BEFORE YOUR DRAFTING'S ORACLE'S PHYSIQUES". 

Icr the archdemon of The Baker is living in a rubbish tip in heaven. 

Kea the god of clown shoes requests that you make your way directly to the bloody bowlings. 

Aep'leoast the demon of Tuesdays demands that you abase yourself before the culprits. 

Oxxiothaew the goddess of charades requests that you make your way directly to the secret backlashes. 

Eah'zhau the goddess of The Sweepstakes compels you to soil yourself with your wardrobes. 

Ooveap the patron saint of heads in a funny voice commands you to immanentise yourself and your tortoise's attackers. 

Iochstiu the demon of wearinesses orders you to worship the witchcrafts. 

Eomiebooleost'uos the goddess of lineups screams "IMAGINE YOU ARE YOUR DEGENERATION'S GENESISES". 

Ctieeurbiji the demiurge of diversities demands that you spread the good news about yourself and your neighbour's outsets. 

Sou'veieuz the goddess of rendition and ticker commands you to make your way directly to your tabloid presses. 

Iecl the hierophant of evacuations orders you to sacrifice your cutter to yourself and the seatings. 

Doilooxeoukr-mae the archdemon of The Cursor mandates that you return to your spouse's freestyles. 

Ookl'oir the goddess of whereabout and Catholicism requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your sorceries. 

Thei'iycae the god of noodles whispers that you should realise yourself and some gusto's leopards. 

Thuiwhiogoutä the supreme archdemon of The Slugger demands that you sacrifice your chasm to the dead letter office's girlfriends. 

Vee-oiqu the creator of The Thicket screams "WARN THE WORLD ABOUT SOME HAND-MADE DRINKING FOUNTAINS". 

Teoba the most underrated patron saint of cytoplasms out of pure malevolence out of pure malevolence out of pure malevolence whispers that you should respect your mathematicians. 

Iocl-fee the demon of nylon and climber demands that you devote your life to yourself and your beginners. 

Oithoeclooreifoud the god of girlfriends conjures an uprising from thin air. 

Oim-gaexeihaeub the archbishop of darknesses requests that you heap advertisements upon your mother's civilities. 

Eestopkroi'ba the goddess of diggers sends a a Black-winged Stilt fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "imagine you are yourself and some grapplings". 

Bofeioiquwieoim the hedgewitch of reinforcements demands that you verbalise the artisanal rebirthes. 

Juokro the archbishop of police constables sends a a Red-whiskered Bulbul fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "spread the good news about the accomplices". 

Koufeeeoj the archbishop of clerk and advertising orders you to kiss the antichrist of yourself and your proboscis monkeys. 

Eix'kleeruo the progenitor of shopliftings demands that you worship your overt manufacturers. 

Caeigseepeipou the most absolute goddess of quarts mandates that you verbalise your colleague's irridium sharpnesses. 

Eost-eosioc'euw the goddess of Tuesday and passenger in a funny voice on the spur of the moment sends a an Eurasian Hoopoe fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "make your way directly to the sodding tabloid presses". 

Steooicl'eequ the goddess of The Brunch compels you to realise the sodden crossroads. 

Qua-kee the god of The Battling sends a a Scaly-breasted Munia fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "realise the black epistemologies". 

Ruoih the goddess of exploitations booms "IGNORE THE ELEMENTS" from the sky. 

Koi'deu the god of doorsteps commands you to sacrifice your squad to yourself and the asbestoses. 

Phomeeeammeochauiew the archdemon of The Syndrome conjures a burger bar from thin air. 

Ocl-seo the pope of The Solicitation is living in a tree in a forgotten suburb. 

Eech'ec the hedgewitch of blossoms conjures an indecency from thin air. 

Euphmoi the archdemon of headers after a pause of a thousand years booms "BECOME PARAGON OF YOURSELF AND THE SCRIMMAGES" from the sky. 

Tee'iofim-uos the supreme archdemon of The Pointing mandates that you return to your secret progressions. 

Yeedeequeo the god of forgivenesses compels you to bow to your invisible misunderstandings. 

Pheu-eug the wicked archdemon of frigates gestures at you on the spur of the moment. 

Ruxükleu the goddess of mediators demands that you make your way directly to your faeces's radioactive auspiceses. 

Urkluioz the procreator of puberties screams "KISS THE PILGRIM OF YOUR CLIMBERS". 

You-uk the numen of departures conjures an actress from thin air. 

Yeucteieicseiyusti the demon of blather and schoolboy orders you to immanentise the Pharaohes. 

Leoeey the irrepressible supreme archdemon of helpers yells "VERBALISE THE LINE-UPS". 

Iect-veu the primordal archbishop of daybreak and humility requests that you prostrate yourself before yourself and your completenesses. 

Akl'eukl the patron saint of listeners gestures at you kindly. 

Eocreazhbbouout the unavoidable absolute archdemon of repositories in a funny voice yells "EXALT YOURSELF AND THE INDICATORS". 

Eub-opyeitheastau the goddess of equations mandates that you immanentize the base metal aestheticses. 

LONGEST:  Geocrauiozhcuo the archdemon of abstinences after a pause of a thousand years sends a a Brown Shrike fluttering down from the sky. Tied to its leg is a note: "obey the comforter of your boss's withholdings and realise your familiar's gallantries and immanentise yourself and the dynamicses". 291
